['Tell him if it comes up? I mean don\'t bring it out of the blue, but if he\'s like, "So do you have a girlfriend?" Well, that\'s an easy opportunity to tell him. And yes, you will be asked that.', 'What I would do is not get all dramatic, like you said, but instead just ask questions and show that you understand this was a big deal for them. Just things like, "do you feel happier now?" or "I bet that felt like a big load off your chest" or something get them comfortable and relaxed and know you don\'t care about someone\'s sexuality, but you do care about their feelings. Basically, the problem is if you show too little emotion or tell them you don\'t care, you run the risk of them thinking you\'re actually homophobic, scared, or uncomfortable with this realization, which you don\'t want.', '&gt;The boss is unilaterally outing his worker, to other staff, without that person\'s explicit consent. This makes it totally different to the typical case of, "Hi Fred, how\'s the wife?" No, it really isn\'t very different at all. If you tell the boss that you are gay and have a boyfriend, and don\'t *explicitly* ask him not to tell anyone, then it\'s up to him to tell whomever he pleases. The idea that you can be out to only the people you would like to be out to and not to anyone else is ridiculous. If you have a secret, the burden is on you to keep it. The only reason you could be upset is if it put you in a hostile situation (i.e. outing you to gay bashers).', '&gt;If you tell the boss that you are gay and have a boyfriend, and don\'t explicitly ask him not to tell anyone, then it\'s up to him to tell whomever he pleases. What on earth are you talking about? The OP didn\'t "tell his boss" any of that. The OP was put in a situation, completely unexpectedly, in a random social sitation, with some of his workmates - aka *"not his boss"* - where he had to lie, or be honest, about being gay. He chose to be honest - ie, he said "yes". That does not equate to: "He told his boss that he\'s gay and has a boyfriend and is perfectly happy for all his (potentially homophobic) workmates to be told about that at every opporunity into the forseeable future". edit: spelling &amp; wording', 'It helps to be up front and honest about your goals and expectations. You don\'t have feel obligated to date a guy who isn\'t particularly interested in a LTR just because he\'s available. You\'re better than that. All you have to do is tell him what you want, and then ask him what he wants and expects in return. All it takes is a little bit of honesty, and if it turns out his needs aren\'t compatible with yours, hey, at least you made a new friend. Just don\'t set your expectations for commitment too high all at once. I\'m not saying that there aren\'t other guys like you out there who would rather take their time to get to know someone really well first. What I am saying is that just because a guy may initially be focused mostly on sexual chemistry doesn\'t mean that his focuses can\'t or won\'t ever shift once he has a chance to get to know you a little better. I may focus first and foremost on sexual chemistry when I meet someone new, but I\'m not an emotionally barren guy who is afraid of commitment. Far from it, in fact, and anybody who took a little time to get to know me would see that. Emotional bonds are very enjoyable and important to me in a relationship too, but I had a pretty shitty sex life with that ex-boyfriend I told you about, and I\'m not fond of the idea of finding myself attached to a sexually lifeless boyfriend again, so my focuses have shifted a little bit to make sexual compatibility a slightly higher priority than before. Edit: And I meant "sexually exclusive", as in, having discussed and both acknowledged that you\'ve entered into an \'official\' and actual relationship together. It only has to be monogamous if you prefer it that way. I personally prefer monogamy, at least in the beginning phases, but I\'m pretty open to discussing ways to spice things up a little once I feel like he\'s earned my trust. To each their own, though. It can vary a lot from person to person. And ultimately, the trial-and-error method is really all we\'ve got. You can better your chances by going out with friends or with people that your friends or family know, people whose judgment you\'re more liable to trust, but anybody can turn out to be an asshole or a gem. Sometimes there\'s just no way of knowing for sure. But then, life is a game of chances and taking risks, and with no pain comes no gain, so you gotta get out there and just persevere.', "You don't need to label yourself. Not now and not in the future. Labels can help sometimes to get a frame for what you're feeling, but they also help strengthen restrictions. Don't ask yourself if you're gay or bi or straight or whatever, just ask yourself what makes you happy. What do you feel? What do you want to do? If you have already figured out you're into girls but also into some boys, that's great, even though I would argue that you are not attracted 'in a general way to the entire gender' for girls, either; it's just that people often know that 'I like girls' (said by a boy) does not mean 'I like all females' but think that 'I like guys' equals 'I like all guys, especially your 4-year-old son who I am going to rape now'. -__- Yes, your feelings for those guys you currently have feelings for will probably fade. Just as your feelings for some girls change over time. But that does not mean that you may never have feelings for guys again or that those feelings you have now are less real or less worthy exploring (au contraire, I would argue). Just be yourself. I know, it's not easy to find out what exactly that means. Let me just tell you that it has to do with being honest to yourself and with not being afraid of change. You change in so many ways every day, you change your hairstyle, your taste of music, your location … your feelings for what- or whomever are just part of your ever-changing self, too. So don't let anyone tell you you're not allowed to feel x or y or z, try to find out what you want and decide for yourself what you want to do with that. You could also talk with your girlfriend about what's going through your head. If she is one of the most important people in your life right now and one of the people you want to know you, than you should be able to talk about anything with her. Any maybe you'll find you have the same taste of guys, who knows. :)", '"Kurt" was getting all testy about the "illness" of homosexuality. One of the group\'s members responded: &gt;Lets ask ourselves what Jesus would do...he would speak the truth in love, I dont think he would insult and call them filth, tell them the Truth thats all. and then &gt;Kurt you might be straight but you\'re not better than a gay person...we\'re all equals in need of God\'s love, blood and salvation. My husband taught a sermon about this recently. I pray we all seek HIM first. The group\'s beliefs and campaigns are vile, but I have to say, having seen *plenty* of e-ink spilled over the "abomination" of being LGBT, I was expecting much more nastiness. Maybe that\'s part of the point--"killing them with kindness" and so forth--but still. I don\'t know that reporting the page for "violating TOS" is the best thing to do here. Call me an ignorant \'murrikan, but I\'m usually uncomfortable with censorship as a means of activism. Couldn\'t someone from one of the anti-gay groups similarly report a pro-equality Facebook page as violating some other terms of the TOS (i.e. "sexually explicit content," "hate speech against a religious group")?', 'The quote threw me off (Do you mean why am I living in the south? Why I don\'t let other people tell me who I can feel attracted to?). I think you mean to ask why I\'m not attracted to bisexual men, but I\'m not sure there\'s an over-arching answer. I\'m not attracted to heterosexual men either, and they fit all of your criteria (the one just being *they\'re men*). It\'s easiest to describe as "I\'m attracted to those who belong in the same minority that I am". Also, I would dispute that you are a minority-within-a-minority. The group is LGBT. Out of all of those groups, I\'d have to guess that there are many, many more bisexual people out there than lesbians, gays and transexuals. However, the real complaint should be lauded against those who refuse to acknowledge your existence within the community, despite those numbers. I have no doubt that bisexuals ARE bi, not always "transitioning to gay". I\'ve known too many bisexuals to entertain that delusion (although quite a few young gay men wear the label before coming out, but that\'s not an idictment on actual bisexuals). The point here is who is sleeping with who, and I\'m afraid that I\'m just not coming over to the side that dates bisexuals. I also don\'t date transexuals, but I am hardly transphobic (do you?). And if you *did* choose to date only bisexuals (although it seems you don\'t prefer them over other types), I wouldn\'t think you were bigoted toward myself as a gay man because I didn\'t fit the bill. That\'s really all there is to it, and there\'s some respect involved regarding who other individuals choose to partner with, and who they keep as friends. (And if it makes you feel better, I don\'t think there\'s a lonelier place to be than LGBT in the south, and I met my husband here. Everything is possible and it *does* get better if you know what you\'re looking for. PM me, and I\'ll send you a sweet pic. :) )', "Your word is my evidence. Your pathological dishonesty is my evidence. You are not responding in good faith, and you quite obviously have an agenda behind posting in this subreddit dedicated to people you quite adamantly refuse to understand the first fucking thing about. If you don't think people are smart enough to tell what your passive aggressive nitpicking and pathetic evasion masks you are sadly mistaken. When you berate someone who was *extremely conciliatory* and insist they were being dishonest and angry, it is quite obvious you have no interest in educating the confused.", "I think it boils down to: OP: Don't ask about things you don't want to hear. You: Don't tell me things that I don't want to hear. and in context of this situation the better things to say would have been to the effect of, Ask: Hey, sleep with any girls last night? (being specific) or interrupt: Oh, it was a dude? None for me thanks. (not saying gross etc.)", "Stop analyzing everything and just tell him or don't. Don't ask HIM if he's gay. You need to realize you see things the way you want to see them. You might think he's dropping subtle hints but in reality maybe he's just comfortable with who he is and completely straight. You're going to build your hopes way up to get let down, hard.", "I have this problem all the time, I know from experience with people asking me this. They ask if im gay. I hate that question and I say no. It's seriously extremely insulting. I don't know why, just i hate it. And I'm as gay as the next gay guy, and I'm okay with it, just hate that fucking question. So I'd say don't ask him. My friend says to just tell him that you're gay and if he's really your friend then he will accept you for being like that, or he will be excited and tell you he's gay. But honestly that's a really hard thing to do. To tell him that you're gay. The best of luck to you brother!", 'I would say that you shouldn\'t just ask him flat out -- he clearly doesn\'t sound comfortable enough that he would just answer the question. Tell him that you\'re bi, and that will open the door. If he reacts well, it might be okay to go with it and say something along the lines of "Part of the reason I\'m telling you this is because I was wondering if you like guys too. If you don\'t it\'s totally cool, I was just curious." That gives him the opportunity to tell you, but doesn\'t put as much pressure on him. Don\'t tell him you like him in the same breath, because if he didn\'t even know you like guys, finding out that you like him could get a little overwhelming. See his reaction after coming out to him and proceed accordingly. He might come out to you if he\'s not straight, or he might not. Just try not to have any expectations from him because even if he is into dudes, he might not be ready to admit it or act on it. Good luck! =)', "&gt;Even today it is no simple task to tell at a glance whether a person is an early-stage transitioning trans woman, or an effeminate gay man, or an androgyne hipster. I know, right? It's almost as if you're expected to judge people by something other than surface appearances, or something. I don't know, what's this fucking world coming to...", "while i can't really condone snooping, thats not the point. she should have been upfront with you about it. not necessarily on the first date, but after almost 4 years, i think its time to bring that up. you really should ask her up front. tell her you figured it out yourself. hopefully, the fact that shes trans doesn't bother you too much, but i know that its not everyone's cup of tea. just don't let ancient history ruin an obviously good relationship. good luck man.", 'The first thing that will make a foursome fun is each person\'s attitude. The following applies to sex whether there\'s only 2 of you or a dozen people, but it\'s absolutely essential that you guys: * breathe; sex can be nervous-making, and group sex even more so - if some good old performance anxiety creeps up, make sure you\'re breathing fine; * laugh and smile; you guys are there to have a good time with each other - don\'t take yourselves too seriously, and it\'s okay if there\'s clumsy moments; * it\'s okay if you\'re not perfect; you\'re not a sex god, and there\'s stuff you don\'t like about your body - the others feel the same way about themselves. * make rules and wishes clear - clear up beforehand what\'s okay and what\'s not okay, and what you like and dislike - be clear and specific on what the ground rules are; any fantasies you guys would like to indulge in while you have two other people around? * agree about safer sex; be on the same page on what "safer" entails - besides condom for penetration, are you going to use them for oral too? what about cum in the mouth? gloves for fingering or not? * talk with each other; don\'t be afraid during the sex to say what you\'d like to happen or to speak up if something is a bit boring or unpleasant; * check in; ask if it\'s okay before you try something new with one of the persons that wasn\'t cleared before - ask once in a while if they\'re having a good time; * keep constant contact with everyone; everyone should feel included, try to always be touching the other participants or to keep eye contact with everyone; * nice boys share; pass the boy around! invite other people to partake in the fun! * time off is okay; if someone needs a little break, it\'s okay, and if someone has a change of heart and wants everything to stop, it\'s okay too - provide support if someone needs it; * have fun! sex is about doing what feels great and having a blast with each other! BTW, it\'s actually okay if you guys are not always into a big puppy pile. Some of you can actually stop a bit to watch how the others go at it - watching is participating too. it\'s your chance to watch how the other couple likes to make love, or to give them a show. you can also lay back a bit and watch your bf with one or two of the other guys. one of you guys can be "the boss" and tell other people what to do. everything is up for grabs! ;) have a talk with your boyfriend about what aspects of your intimacy it\'s okay to share during this. maybe he loves it when you tell him how much of a dirty whore he is while you fuck him, but maybe he\'s not comfortable with sharing that side of himself with your friends. when in doubt, ask. be willing to explore things even with the partners you find less attractive. maybe you don\'t have the hots for one of the other guys, but keep an open mind and try to find what can be enjoyable about getting it on with them. you could be surprised with the results, and end up enjoying yourself with them much more than you expected. have an ice-breaker. play strip poker, or put on a drinking game movie and have one person at a time take off a piece of clothing in a sexy way whenever the drinking cue happens (instead of drinking). play truth or dare if you like (but be nice), with the understood goal of eventually all being naked and doing things to each other. use your imagination. have music, porn, and toys on hand (if you like). stock up on condoms and lube. have different brands so people can choose those they\'re more comfortable with, or ask them to bring their favorite rubbers. have a 4 or 5 for each person - you can go through condoms like candy during group sex. *make sure you change condoms whenever you change partners, and don\'t re-use condoms.* use substances with moderation. make sure you respect your limits and that you\'re in control of the situation. if you tend to abuse substances, maybe this is one time where you should leave them out of it. after all, sex is definitely one of the things where you can be sober and have a blast. I think that covers it pretty well. let me know if you have questions or concerns. I hope you guys have a great time! have fun! :)', 'yeah you\'re right, I do agree with your statement, but, it\'s kinda funny, in my case, cause I\'m not the kind of guy you find "hot" but not because I\'m ugly or something, no, because I don\'t have pecs like they are tits, you cannot wash your clothes in my abs, and I don\'t have the legs of Aquiles or Adonis, I\'m saying this because right now that\'s the kind of people that falls in the "hot, cute, beautiful" type. But I\'m sure of what I\'ve got and who I am, maybe you guys will think: this guy is sounding like Born This Way and the self-aceptance message of Lady Gaga HAHAHAHA!, but it\'s true, if you project your inner esence, nobody will break you, and you\'ll be found hot, sexy and all those compliments that everybody is waiting to hear, we weren\'t born to be better than anyone, to be "PERFECT" and "Hot", and if you don\'t have those arms, legs, pecs, and great ass, doesn\'t mean you\'re ugly, here in my country there\'s a saying that goes: "there\'s no ugly people, just people with no sense of fashion". In my experience, I can tell you that there\'s been plenty of men who want to fuck me, remember guys: I\'m not the kind of "hot guy" of these times, this happens because I feel sure of who I am, If I did it, you can! and I\'m not into disco stuff, and gay reunions, not because I don´t have friends, and like they say "social life", just because they are a bit shallow, and they think that life is just: go to a disco, fuck a thousand guys, and feel like shit the next day cause they didn\'t left their numbers hahahaha! I\'m not going to tell you: come on, don\'t feel shitty about it, it\'s a hard work. I felt the same, believe me, but I prefer to ask you to do something, for you, for your own good and satisfaction, in order to feel confortable with YOURSELF.', 'Given that when I recently walked into a clinic the brand new doctor informed me that they\'re "not really taught about you people [unsure if she meant general queers or the trans sort] in class, you\'re mentioned but we aren\'t taught what to do" and I live in motherfucking Canada... not surprised about this. For what it\'s worth, I told her you just treat us with the usual respect, and whatever condition we came in to have looked at (in my case, a throat infection), ask medically relevant questions and then if you get the vibe your patient isn\'t uncomfortable ask if you can ask a few questions to improve your understanding of queer issues in medicine. I then gave her the best brief of trans resources in the city I could manage while feeling like crap, which she scrambled to write down for future research. **TL;DR** Doctors who want to treat us don\'t need the classroom to tell them what to do, they\'ve got eager brains and will learn as they go along.', "&gt; Glib? Wtf is that? Are you asking me for the definition of glib? I'm saying that I think you were being disingenuous. &gt; So any time I speak with another person with no intention of sleeping with them I have tell them right away? If you know that someone is sizing you up as a potential romantic and/or sexual mate, you aren't interested, and you don't let them know that, then you're being a dick. You don't *have* to be a nice person. Nobody is telling you what you *have* to do. But the fact is that OP *knew* he was being a dick. That's what trolling is. But see, it's one thing when you troll someone who *deserves it*. But this girl's only crime was not asking OP if he was gay before pursuing him as a potential date. Being an asshole to her was completely uncalled for.", "I only tell people I'm gay when I'm asked if I have a gf or whatevs. I don't think this is ruining the image.", 'Whoa whoa whoa. Hold on. It is not my intention to "cure" her. I have no issues with her orientation. I did tell her that i thought she was scared but not due to her orientation being an artifice. Im very sure that she is attracted to women. The anecdote about abuse and orientation was told to me by a mutual friend and is just his own opinion about his experience as a gay guy. He told me he felt it played a role in who he was and his sexuality. Also that a lot of other gay men he knew had said the same. I was going to let the whole thing just die down until he said that. I came here to ask a couple things: 1) if his opinion and personal experience he shared regarding abuse are isolated or not And 2) if anyone had been in a similar situation and what they did. I havent spoken to anyone IRL regarding what he said to me because I assume it\'s very personal to him and also, as illustrated here, a touchy subject. Look she\'s been my best friend for years I don\'t have an issue with her orientation or want to change who she is. I wanted to know if other folks could share their experiences with either point. Sometimes a guy has to fight for the girl he wants. Whether she be bi or straight. But maybe she is gay and I should leave it alone as you say. I hope what people can contribute on those two points I mentioned help me make up my mind. I appreciate your input and resuming our friendship is what I had intended until my friend said what he said and will probably be what happens. It did however make me curious and 2nd guess that decision.', 'You don\'t come across as rude, you come across as wanting to be educated. I acknowledge that they don\'t talk about this or teach this in public schools, so not knowing is okay. How are you supposed to learn if you don\'t ask questions? One of the things about being intersex is that there are many many different ways that it can happen and so there are a variety of different presentations. Usually the rule is that if the penis (or penis like tissue) is longer than a certain length, they keep it, but if it is shorter, they cut it off. For females with enlarged clitorises, if it is too big (such as in the case of people with CAH - congenital adrenal hyperplasia - basically a genetic female with more androgens (male sex hormones) than normal) then the clitoris can be cut down to size (no, the original clitoris is not painful, does not lead to more infections and is functional - it\'s just a little big). There are other intersex conditions where one system may be fully developed, but the other sex\'s tissues are underdeveloped. Sometimes everything looks perfectly normal on the outside, but the internal organs have a mixture of both and you won\'t find out until later. In some cases there is an insensitivity to testosterone, so although the child is genetically male, the appearance is feminine, but then during adolescence the added male hormones suddenly masculinize the body and the teenager starts to grow into a male. Basically, if you can think of a combination of sexual organs/chromosomes, it exists. In terms of being a male/female all throughout the body, the biggest differences between male and female are in the genitals. People who are intersex may appear more androgynous or may appear more masculine/feminine - but you usually can\'t tell until puberty hits. The biggest issue with surgery on the genitals with children (besides losing sensation, never having "normal" looking genitals, losing functionality, and having constant infections) is that the surgery is supposed to make the genitals look either masculine or feminine, which basically means that the doctor, and more recently doctors and the parents have to choose a sex, and consequently a gender (because we only have two and sex (which is biological) and gender (which is social/mental) have to match). The idea is that if you treat a baby as a girl or a boy, they will grow up to be either a girl or a boy. This doesn\'t always happen, and many intersexuals today are not happy with the gender that was chosen for them (in fact many of them even opt to say that they are both male and female or that they are a third gender). It\'s a very difficult topic because we live in a gendered world and it is hard for a child to grow up with an ambiguous gender. What bathroom would you use? What clothes do you dress up in? Do you get barbies or monster trucks? When the class is divided into girls and boys, which line do you stand in? What name do you have? What pronouns do you use? There is a large debate about whether it is better to choose a gender for a child, raise them as such, and then acknowledge that they might decide the other gender was more appropriate, or if the parents should wait for the child to decide and just deal with the awkwardness until then. Doctors that are for the surgery say that having ambiguous genitalia will lead to children to be uncomfortable with their bodies, feel that they don\'t fit in, and be unsure of gender roles and their place in society and how to interact with other people. People who are against the surgery say that the surgeries don\'t produce "normal" looking genitalia anyway, are painful, leave horrible scarring, reduce functionality and sensitivity, and that doctors and parents shouldn\'t be the ones to decide on what is essentially cosmetic surgery on the genitals of an infant, and that only the person with the genitals should be allowed to consent to surgery. One of the issues is that there are basically no follow up studies. The surgery is done and then no one ever checks up with the kids, so no one knows what the rate of "guessing right" is and no one knows what the rate of complications with sexual performance is as an adult. Those that are most vocal about these issues are those that have had very bad experiences with the surgery (and they have a right to be pissed) but people don\'t know if those that suffer from infant surgery are in the majority or minority and there have been no studies to see if people adjust better with the surgery. Most of the people that could be recruited for retrospective studies (sorry I\'m a psych major, I love studies) are those that are unhappy. People who are happy may never even be told that they had surgery in the first place. It\'s a very big messy debate and I think it highlights just how gendered our world is (especially with kids!), and how you can only recognize two genders and the absolute knee jerk reactions people have to genitals that don\'t look absolutely male or female. The immediate response is "cut it! make it look right." It\'s difficult and emotional and heart wrenching for parents too. Even if they wanted to delay surgery, what do they tell other people? How do they fill out forms? What pronouns do they use? In some places, the sex on your birth certificate is the only sex that is acknowledged. For example, there was a woman in Texas who was married to a firefighter and he died and she wanted to claim the life insurance money, however, her birth certificate said male, but she said that that was a mistake and has since been corrected (although most newspapers report her being transgender, I think the account sounds much more like intersex), yet Texas does not acknowledge sex reassignment surgery and does not acknowledge same sex marriages, and so the marriage was void and she couldn\'t collect the insurance. So suddenly, what sex you put on the birth certificate may determine whether or not your marriage will be recognized in the future. Sorry for the really long answer, I just figure that if you are asking questions that you might want to start to see some of the controversies that are out there and how it relates to LGBT issues. The ability to have your preferred gender recognized is highly related to trans issues. It also points out how restricted by gender expectations we are and how transgressing gender can lead to some very serious social repercussions. What\'s interesting is that it doesn\'t have to be this way. Other cultures have acknowledged more than two genders and some cultures even revered intersex people as being holy. There is a place in the Dominican Republic where the condition 5-alpha-reductase Deficiency (5-ARD) is much more common than elsewhere (1:90), where the body appears to be feminine until puberty where the body masculinizes. Basically, they have decided to raise the children as girls, and then when puberty hits they allow the individual to choose whether to be male or female. The new gender is acknowledged without too much controversy and people just know that it happens and have learned to adjust to it and deal with it. They know certain children may change genders at puberty and it\'s not shocking or controversial.', 'There\'s the thing. White people tend to not have gone through the whole magical negro/hot-blooded Latin/whatever experience. (Full disclosure: I\'m white.) I\'m not saying that people with racial preferences should be marginalized, but I could see a gay person of color feeling very uncomfortable and marginalized if someone approaches them who is apparently attracted to them specifically because of their race. You say that we should avoid slighting people with racial preferences because it could result in hurt feelings, but that\'s akin to telling people who are getting their feelings hurt to "get over it." If you\'re gay and have had someone ask you for fashion advice or to go shopping or had them assume you love Lady Gaga and musical theater because you\'re gay, despite not being interested in those things (if you are, well, I guess I can\'t really explain it to you very well), then you may have had a similar experience. If you haven\'t, I don\'t know how to make this very clear to you. Basically, I would argue that flirting with a person who is a member of a racial minority because of their race can constitute a microaggression, because it insinuates that their only defining feature is their race. For someone who experiences nearly inescapable microaggressions every day, effectively being told that they\'re only sexually valuable because of their race is not a nice thing to hear. I\'m not going to try and speak for people of color who\'ve had this experience, but I\'m pretty sure that the feelings of marginalization that people of color experience when they perceive that they\'re an outsider who is simultaneously excluded and valued because of their race outweigh any potential hurt feelings on the part of people who factor race in as a criteria for attractiveness.', 'I don\'t know anything about Casey Anthony as I\'m not an American. But I think you\'re misrepresenting the skeptical perspective a little. The point is that the burden of proof is on the person making the claim. If I tell you I have X-ray vision and you ask me to prove it, it is unfair for me to then say "prove I don\'t". The bigger that claim (ie. an entity created me and the universe and I need to love it) the more evidence required. But again, I think we are working from different logical frameworks.', '&gt;I am aware that there is a huge issue with the pronouns when it comes to transgender people (him/her). That is however not the issue at hand. No, this *is* a relevant issue. I really don\'t mean to call you out as a bigot, but after reading this, I honestly think that the reason she waited to tell you isn\'t because you\'re a lesser friend, it\'s because you gave off trans-hostile vibes. She was easing into conversation early on about trans issues, and your natural reaction probably intimidated her. Also, when you started talking about the process, telling everything you know to "handle the situation" and "make sense of it" you were most probably hurting her feelings. Not everyone wants to talk specifically about their private parts. Not everyone wants to justify how they click into the gender they identify. If someone started giving me a bunch of statements and questions about the facts that I\'m most intimate when coming out, I would have felt cornered. I am not saying that this is your fault, at least not in a sense that you deserve a burden of blame. Your reaction happens. However, this should not be taken as evidence that she saw you as a "lesser friend". I know you found the pronoun thing difficult, but please do your best to humor her. Slipping up is ok, but willful refusal to use the correct pronouns *will* make her distance herself from you. Edit: I want to apologize for the stern tone in which I said this, as I do feel that you genuinely want to be an ally to her, and to support her. However, if you aren\'t an easy person to come out to, that is a different issue than being a "lesser friend." In fact, the fact that she came out to you at this point speaks to the contrary. Post Update Edit: I see that your friend specifically requested to be referred to with male pronouns, so my point about mis-pronouning someone is moot. (For the future, it\'s perfectly fine to say that "he asked me to refer to him this way") However, it seems that I wasn\'t on the wrong track either. In any case, I\'m glad that you two are working things out.', 'I wanted to just say, yeah, you\'re an egotistical prick, back off, learn that something isn\'t about your ass. But... First, you might get more mileage asking us in /asktransgender, so there\'s a bit of advice. Second... The very best friend I believed that I had was the last one I told. I feared his loss more than anything. And he said to me, "So if you tell a therapist that you think you\'re Napoleon, they should not treat your illness, but just give you a funny hat and say have fun?" And he then made the next 4 years of my life absolute hell. Obviously it\'s a much longer story than that, and it\'s much more truthful to say I made my own life hell by being afraid, instead of realizing he\'s never been a good friend to anyone, least of all me. Concern is legit, and hey, if it turns out to be genuinely unwarranted because you\'re so cool about it (as if it\'s even something you NEED to "be cool" about, you don\'t get "points" for this), then great, move on, and again remember, it doesn\'t have FUCK ALL to do with you.', 'The last person I was going to "come out" to was my brother, his room-mate already knew about me (long story) so I asked him on MSN. Me:"Hey x, can you tell y to get on skype so I can tell him that I\'m gay?" Him: "Uhh... he\'s in the room with me as well" Me: "....He didn\'t see that did he?" Him " ...yes" Me: "Fuck." The first response from him when he wandered over to the computer was "Well now we know why you don\'t like beer" Typical troll-siblings.', "I'm gonna concur with that advice. You're probably going to have to wait. In the meantime, though, you can always try to subtly condition them so that when you do tell them, they don't respond as negatively as they would now. They're obviously ignorant about homosexuality, so work things into conversation that will inform them. For dealing with the Christian aspect, there are articles that deal with the bible's stance on homosexuality, pointing out mistranslations and misinterpretations that have completely twisted the intended meaning of those lines (as well as isolating them from their actual context). I don't have the links for this on hand, but it would be worth looking for. If they ask why you're talking about these things, just say you have a gay friend at school, or randomly found it on the Internet, or something.", 'Since you\'re interested in how to do this rather than *whether* to do this, I\'ll just talk about that after leaving this caveat: if you think they really don\'t respect you as a person outside of a straight identity and might try and hurt you, physically or financially, then you needn\'t respect their right to know the truth until you come out "from a distance" where they can\'t hurt you; whether that means waiting tables and moving into a friend\'s apartment or going to college on loans, just be independent first and then tell them. In regards to "How," I\'m of the mind that if someone makes an effort, of any kind, to let their kids know they wouldn\'t approve of them if they\'re gay, then they loose the parental credibility needed to really "deserve" anything in the coming out process. As far as I see it, you don\'t \'owe\' them anything in this other than the basic truth. You can text it to them if you feel like it; however, speaking from experience, people will take you more seriously the more personal and direct your communication is. In this instance, I think a phone call will do the job, but in person is always best if you feel that they won\'t get violent. Strategically, tell all your friends and relatives who you *know* will be on your side first. Don\'t be afraid to tell liberal relatives that you\'re in the closet and worried about how your parents will react and that you need them to be supportive. Asking for support from a relative who would at least theoretically be willing to give it can make a huge difference, as they will get a better grasp of how worried you are and how serious the situation is and they will be more engaged in backing you up in the face of other more hateful relatives. Do what you think is right, and good luck!', 'Sounds like you are tasked with carrying the Cute Faggot\'s Burden. We should all have such problems. But to address your points: 1. IMHO Guys who are attracted to you enough to ask you out are probably not going to work as Just Friends, so the fact that you get a lot of them is awesome, but beside the point. These are people you probably can\'t be Just Friends with regardless of how you meet, at least until they stop crushing. 2. As others have suggested, a good setting for making gay friends is in a group, not by setting up a "platonic date" with individual guys. 3. Seriously, I\'ve been on the other side of this and an early (and if necessary, often) "just friends" is much kinder than soaking up attention and affection for a few weeks before getting weirded out and disappearing. I have a number of platonic gay friends and quite a few gay acquaintances. Most of them are much older (twice my age), much younger (early 20s), or totally not my type. Almost as a rule I don\'t want to sleep with them and met them through friends in a group setting. I\'ve rarely had to tell anyone that we\'re just friends, but that might be because I\'m not especially flirty or just not that hot.', 'Okay, now you\'re just making me jealous. Lol. The "closest" guy friend I have didn\'t know I was gay until earlier this summer, for whatever reason. Even though I\'ve been out for almost two years. He then called me one night, explained how he lost his virginity (in gory detail), and then asked me: "Did you think I was gay?!" And I was just sitting there like :I Gay or not, *love* that kid. But I\'m sure you don\'t need me to tell you that! And I hate to suggest you do something you said you wouldn\'t, but finding a way of directly asking him might be your best bet at this juncture. If you really want to know. How you would go about doing that, I have no idea. I\'m not much help, I know. Just letting you know that there\'s someone the same age in almost the same exact boat as you. It\'s rough!', "There will be a reckoning, a crushing moment when this transpires. Souls across America will despair when Don't Ask Don't Tell is repealed... and nothing out of the ordinary happens. Fuckers are going to be so disappointed that the apocalypse doesn't happen on the spot. Some soldiers are gay. Get over it.", "Nonsense. Since when does Christianity include following the Bible? Because ask any Christian, and they'll tell you right off the bat, Christianity is accepting Jesus as the son of God and as the savior of errbody. Jesus didn't say SHIT about homosexuality. I follow the teachings of Jesus, not his dickhead followers who think I shouldn't speak up in the church because I don't have a penis. See, I believe in the Bible. I just don't think that anyone other than Jesus has any authority to say what's right or wrong. And Jesus said 'love one another'. So I practice that, which means no bigotry. So I'd really prefer you amend your statement again.", "Definitely don't want to do that. Privacy is definitely stressed. There's a don't ask, don't tell kind of policy in place, but people are welcomed to share if they truly want to... with the understanding that it's not spoken of outside of the room. I'm probably not doing the policy justice in it's description but it seems to work pretty well. Thanks!", '&gt; So you can be gay in the military but your partner doesn\'t have equal rights? Yes. A straight family in the military is granted certain benefits which a gay family are not eligible for. This is due to a law in the United States known as "The Defense of Marriage Act", or DOMA. DOMA prevents the federal government (which includes the military) from recognizing marriages that aren\'t between a man and a woman. This law was passed by the US\'s Congress, and signed by The President over a decade ago. It wasn\'t designed by or for the military, but the military\'s still effected by it. There\'s currently an effort to repeal it, but it\'ll still take some time. &gt; So they are giving people rights because they HAVE to, not because they WANT to. The US military isn\'t in the business of handing out or denying rights. A large part of their policies are decided upon by civilian Congressmen. When Don\'t Ask Don\'t Tell was repealed, they stopped enforcing the law, and they gave LGB couples every right they were allowed to give under the law, no more, no less. &gt; And chaplains can discriminate against LGBT people? Americans take religious freedom pretty seriously. The Republican Party has been using this backwards tactics of saying, "If we\'re not allowed to discriminate against gay people like our holy text says, you\'re infringing on our constitutionally given religious freedoms." The merits of this argument aside, the military went out of their way to point out that they are not impending on any religious freedoms. **In a religious setting**, aka a church sermon or some sort of religious function, chaplains can say, "Homosexuality is a sin". As the slides stated though, outside of their religious ministry, they\'re required to treat their fellow serviceman with respect and dignity, and follow all lawful orders. Being a chaplain isn\'t a free pass to discriminate. &gt; Is that not a direct violation of employment protection laws for LGBT people? As described above, the chaplain\'s exception allows them to say things like "Homosexuality is a sin" without being censored or otherwise reprimanded. They\'re not allowed to treat servicemen and women differently outside of a religious setting. That being said, I don\'t believe the US has any federal (nation wide) employment protection laws for LGBT people. About half the states do, but the military is a federal institution on federal land. So there\'s that. The military\'s hands are tied due to DOMA. Currently, they\'re giving LGB servicemen and women *and* their spouses the full amount of rights they can legally give. The US Military *does* care about the people dying and serving for this country, and wants them to be treated fairly. If they really didn\'t care about LGB people serving under them, they wouldn\'t have informed them of the few benefits they can share with their spouse on the slide, "How Does This Policy Affect Beneficiaries?". We still have a long way to go, particularly in the treatment of transgender individuals, but the military\'s doing the best they can with the circumstances they\'ve got.', "I came here to basically say this. I grew up in Texas like OP and felt exactly this way until about 18. It really got so much better when I came out. Don't feel rushed, but know that there is absolutely nothing wrong with you. You're not straight, you probably aren't bi, you're a gay man that likes MEN. Rough, tough, breaks rocks with his teeth type MEN. It's not a hard concept. If you wanted something feminine you would just go with a girl. You want a mans big arms around you, his strength and his companionship. Its really simple, don't make it complicated because you've been raised to believe differently. Ask yourself this, would you be attracted towards someone like yourself, despite the age? If so, know that there are thousands of boys like you telling themselves that there's a magical age where gay boys become men. You are not alone. A little confidence will go a long way. You say you're attractive, you're smart, you've got a sensitive side. You are seriously grade A+ material from what it sounds like. DO WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY, you are worth it.", 'My friend, I think your question is quite easy to answer. Your comment "seeing guys kiss is gross to me" tells me that you might be a little homophobic which makes a lot of sense when you like to look at dicks but not the men attached to them. I think that you are either bisexual or gay and in denial. I\'m not judging you by the way. I was homophobic when I was young because I didn\'t understand my feelings and it was easier to conform to societies\' expectations for me. When I came to terms with who I am, it was a wonderful release from a horrendous time. I think you are more enlightened than most people in denial because you have asked a question on reddit LGBT. My answer to you is to be honest about your feelings, be true to yourself and if you find that you don\'t like women, make sure you end it with your girlfriend or you will both get hurt. If you genuinely enjoy sex with your girlfriend, there isn\'t a problem unless you go behind her back. If you like watching gay porn there is nothing wrong with that. It\'s when people sneak behind people\'s backs that I personally think it\'s wrong. I hope you don\'t think I\'m being judgemental because I know that people can read words differently to their intended meaning. I don\'t think your malicious or anything, just a bit confused. This is why I believe you only find a man\'s dick attractive - it gives you permission to be a straight man while not acknowledging that you might actually like men as a whole. It\'s easier to say that a dick is just a dick - it could be anyone\'s dick. It\'s a detachment of responsibility. You like dicks but not men. If you need any clarification on what I\'ve said or just a chat, feel free to pm me :)', 'I didn\'t say gay people can\'t be assholes. ANYONE can be an asshole, sexual orientation has nothing to do with that. If someone is an asshole, they\'re an asshole. You\'re missing the point of what I\'m saying. If you\'re really friends with someone, it doesn\'t MATTER if they\'re gay, straight, bi, trans, black, white, orange WHATEVER. Why\'s me calling these "friends" assholes different? My reasoning for hating on them isn\'t based on what they **are**, it\'s based on **what they\'re doing**. They\'re alienating someone who trusted them just because he\'s gay. THAT\'S being a horrible human being. And I\'m not taking about sexual behaviour, I\'m talking about sexual orientation. I\'m not telling anyone how they should feel or what they should believe. I\'m only telling people they shouldn\'t hurt others. It\'s as simple as that. Where in my argument was I trying to pretend I\'m on some high-horse for being a tolerant human being? I don\'t see that as some special trait I have that makes me better than anyone, for me that\'s what I should have expected out of me. I don\'t deserve or ask for a reward for being kind. Being kind should be the normal thing, not a special action. I don\'t walk around saying "Oh look, a gay guy!! I wanna be friends with him so people will think I\'m some tolerant saint!" I make friends with people because of what they act like, not because of what they are or aren\'t. Stop being a trolling asshole and making some bullshit argument with me for no reason. I\'m just trying to tell a kid he shouldn\'t feel so alone. What does this have anything to do with this post?', 'This is actually a hell of a lot more common than you\'d think. I used to be a moderator on a men\'s bisexual forum, and about once every two or three days we\'d get a new member whose first post was this. It\'s generally viewed as a variant of bisexuality; sexual attraction to one gender, emotional to the other. Anyone who claims to be able to tell you what you are is full of shit. I\'ve had people tell me that I can\'t be bisexual since I\'ve never had any sexual experience with women. I asked her what gave her the right to make that statement, and she said (and I quote) "I have bi friends!" I replied (another quote) "Want a fucking cookie?" My opinion? Don\'t worry about it. You like what you like, and it IS possible to have encounters that involve absolutely no emotional attachment (one-night stands anyone?), just be careful and use protection. If you like looking at gay porn, then watch gay porn. If you don\'t want to kiss another guy, don\'t kiss another guy. If you want to cornhole a guy while giving him a reach-around, go for it. If this turns out to be more than a kink and more along the lines of something that defines your sexuality, then it will. If not, it won\'t.', "Boyfriend and I got tested a few months back. They did us separately for whatever reason (my first test, I don't know if that's common). They called me in after taking my blood, gave me the all clean and then called my boyfriend in. Ten seconds tops. My boyfriend then stayed in there for ten minutes. As each second past I started to get more and more freaked out to the point where I was actually near tears. He comes out...tells me he's negative...and that he stayed to ask the doctor some questions (he's like that). I wanted to punch him in the face. :&lt;", "Remember - it can take months after the act before HIV infection will show up. So you can both go get tested tomorrow - but that won't tell you anything about HIV. You'll have to go back and get tested 3 to 4 months (don't know the number off hand, ask at the clinic) after the last time you had unprotected sex to be sure. And by then you should a) know if you are more committed, and b) have had a very open and frank discussion about exactly what you each mean by monogamous, and/or non-monogamous, and how you'd handle slip-ups, and which slip-ups, etc...", "This breaks my heart. How many more of these stories do we need to hear before change happens? This kid was 14. For two years he talked about people bullying him and his school did nothing! He was 14, his whole life ahead of him. This is a tragic, tragic waste. He had supportive friends and family, yet still every day insults were thrown at him in the hallway and online, to the point where he took his own life. Today was supposed to be an exciting day, with the over turn of Don't Ask, Don't Tell. Yet no matter how far forward we go, I still read about young people like this, who have no other way out than to kill themselves. And with every story, these deaths could have been prevented if only more people had paid attention or cared. Too often the gay community dances around the issues affecting our youth, in fear of losing the support of potential allies. But we have to turn our attention here today. We can't lose any more lives like this. It isn't right. It isn't fair. We need to stand up for these kids.", 'I will just say this about labels. They hurt people. No matter what the label and how hard stigma is fought there are people who will feel like none of the labels available apply to them, or that they are damaged by the label. Your sexuality is your most personal possession.By that I mean you don\'t own anything as completely or as exclusively as your sexual nature. It is wholly yours to define and express as you please. I have friends who can\'t even find a racial box to check on the census form, and compared to sexuality race occurs along relatively defined lines. I interviewed a bi-sexual film maker and it was heart breaking to hear him talk about reaching out to a gay student group and being rejected. Whether how they see themselves is correct or not by rejecting someone this way the message is "hide, closet yourself". Closets are dark places where bad things happen and shame lives. Its the whole reason why don\'t ask don\'t tell was so awful in reality while on paper I can see how people thought it could be a pretty good compromise for its time. I think some of the resistance to bisexuality is the idea that its a stage of acceptance, or its someone who is too ashamed to admit they ar e gay although they can\'t resist the behavior. Similar to how a lot of Athiests consider Agnostics as people unable to or not willing to follow the thought that maybe God doesn\'t exist to what they see as its logical conclusion that God doesn\'t exist. I\'ve never been with a man and have an intense desire for a monogamous insanely sexual marriage to a woman and am turned off by the idea of anal sex (with a man, or woman) but my screen name is no coincidence either and I\'ve fantasized about making out with and maybe doing some sort of penis stuff with a man. I really don\'t give two shits how that gets labeled or what that makes me. Its part of why Lady GaGa is so popular the idea of "born this way" and loving yourself is so much more important to me then specifically narrowing down and defining who you are. Before I was able to examine my sexuality this honestly I had to come to grips with what I might find. I really think how I described myself above is accurate but to get there I had to brace myself for what I might find. Mentally I had to come to terms with the fact that deep down maybe I was a dirty dirty faggot. It wasn\'t until I realized that even if I was that was okay too, and it wouldn\'t actually even be a negative thing I could learn to live with, it would in fact be just fine. It took forever to get here though and without professional help a lethal amount of shame might have prevented me from ever arriving. Guilt and shame over my sexuality combined with depression almost killed me. I felt trapped I could either keep part of me hidden forever or I could be a pariah. I honestly felt like I would never be able to safely and honestly express my sexuality to another living human. The loneliness and isolation combined with depression that was at least partly genetic lead to a cutting episode which was actually a trial suicide run. I am a great guy. I mean really fucking great, and I almost murdered myself over some fucked up hate that couldn\'t have existed without a label. I used to play with dolls when I was little and had an interest in other feminine things. Eventually I learned that only boys that were a certain way liked those things and it was bad to be this way. I couldn\'t even conceive of the idea of sex and already I knew I liked certain things and they were dirty and bad. I gut checked myself about holy shit maybe I am gay lots of times, and it never fit. I honestly think if I were truly interested in men exclusively I might have come to terms with this earlier. I knew I wasn\'t gay and that was good because I didn\'t want to be but then I might jerk off to a penis that I might want to put in my mouth on the internet and feel some fucked shame and then gut check myself about being gay not feel like it fit and just get caught in a horrible loop. I accept the fact that labels well never go away, but seriously they kill so at the end of the day fuck labels and fuck the people that use them. The only one\'s that arn\'t harmful are the one\'s we self identify with. At the end of the day my label is no more and no less then part princess and I love the shit out of every inch of the man its attached to.', 'This sad article makes it seem that most of the bullying took place online. Whether or not it\'s accurate, it makes me wonder about how school administration could deal with online bullying. Can principals suspend kids for bullying that takes place off school property and outside of school time? I\'m not really sure. Bullying is a lot different than it was when most of us were in middle school/high school. It\'s not calling someone names or shoving them against the lockers as they walk by. It\'s commenting on students\' tumblrs, facebook walls, formsprings, etc. &gt;But There are limits to what a school can do, she said. Despite the extensive counseling staff at North, she said, no one routinely checks the online posts of troubled students. Should school counsellors be hired to monitor the social networking of all students? Should they even monitor the social networking of troubled students? Do they have the right to do something about it? I was actually teaching in a middle school on Anti-Bullying Day this year. (wearing a pink Lady Gaga concert t-shirt, hells yeah) There was an assembly with a presentation by a school liaison police officer. One or two of the students asked at the end about online bullying. The principal didn\'t really give a specific answer other than, "Tell me or a counsellor." I think principals, counsellors, and teachers don\'t really know how to deal with this form of bullying that didn\'t exist when they were in school.', 'I don\'t think she had any idea. In fact, she later told me that when I started to tell her by saying "I need to tell you something, and it doesn\'t change how much I love you...," she feared I was going to tell her that I\'d gotten someone pregnant. And I was basically telling her the opposite. Heh I think she kinda looked back and came to realize that my...decreasing sex drive...with her was explained by the fact that I wasn\'t attracted to women. I felt pretty bad because she believed it was because I thought she was fat or something, so she felt worse about herself. If someone asked me if I was gay before I\'d come to terms with it myself, I probably would have gotten really defensive and adamantly denied it. Mostly because "gay" wasn\'t something I wanted to be (I don\'t identify with the gay community much at all - and they don\'t much like me :/).', 'I was queer in a heterosexual relationship, and I hadn\'t come out to myself. It wasn\'t until after my break up, drinking, and depression that I recognized I was pansexual. There\'s nothing worse than being hated by a significant other because one is queer, especially when you hate yourself because of queerness. There\'s nothing obviously queer about me other than I am queer. I am a very heteronormative CIS Male. How can you tell? You may have to just ask him, but if he is at the "I want to be heterosexual" (which is a stage that I went through, and I am not saying every queer person goes through it) stage of coming out then that conversation could easily become very hurtful very quickly. All I can say is proceed, very carefully. &gt; What can I do to be supportive and encouraging of my boyfriend\'s sexuality? Don\'t hate him if he is queer and don\'t let it hurt you.', "&gt;The fact that they're making a point to include it as a provision and are going to recognise a group of people and give them a ***special privilege*** err to err err and removing don't ask don't tell I think tries to inject social policy into the military. NO! Telling anyone who isn't straight that they be in the military is injecting social policy. If he's so for leaving social policy out of the military, then he should be against dadt. Edit: &gt;Sex is not an issue! It should not BE an issue. Keep it to yourself whether you're heterosexual or homosexual. So hetro people should be kicked out for saying that they're straight?", '&gt;"I would say any type of sexual activity has absolutely no place in the military," Santorum responded. "And the fact that they\'re making a point to include it as a provision within the military that we are going to recognize a group of people and give them a special privilege to -- and removing \'Don\'t Ask, Don\'t Tell,\' I think tries to inject social policy into the military. And the military\'s job is to do one thing, and that is to defend our country." Geez, I hadn\'t actually seen this until now, I\'d only heard about the booing. So being gay = sexual activity. And treating them the same as everyone else is a special privilege. How long until Santorum goes back to being irrelevant?', 'Well, first, congrats! What you\'re doing takes courage on many levels. I applaud you! I\'m assuming your goal is to get people to understand LGBTQ people better, and to get them to open their minds. Take a look at these sites and they may help spark some ideas: ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÜå\x93ÛáæÊÜ\x93ãçÚ and ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤º±ÁªÂ´åÊÔ¢ä× ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÜå\x93èÝØÙàÊêäåÕàÔÞÚÖÙ\x9cÔæÜ ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤æÙÝÕÖêßÑçÎâÜæÕÓÆßêã ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤êÊÕÎêÚÔÉÏÒâ´åÊÔ¢ä× ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤ÁÆâÎããÔÑ²ÆíäÙ¸×ÑÙãÖÊ\xad×ÙÛ°ÕÐ ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤ÜÙÕÊèèÕÊâÙÙçã×ÝÏÙØç¤àÊÚ²ãÇ ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤æÆÔÊ¢èÖÍÝÔàè¡ÆÑÙÝäá\x93ÜÊèìâ×Ù In any talk you give, one of the best things you can do is to make it interactive, and ask a lot of questions, especially if you have an audience that\'s supportive. So it\'s great that you\'re soliciting comments ahead of time! So topic you may want to cover: *High rate of LGBTQ youth suicide and homelessness *LGBTQ celebrities *Famous LGBTQ people in history *Marriage equality and why its so important *Don\'t Ask, Don\'t tell *ENDA And the bottom line, which I know you know already: LGBTQ people are people like everyone else. There\'s really no difference. While this isn\'t LGBTQ specifically, it really applies and is a personal favorite: A Class Divided - "Producer William Peters tells the story of how Jane Elliott changed her lesson plan on the morning after Martin Luther King Jr. was killed." ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÜå\x93ä×æ\x93Ý×Û¤êÌÐÍ£åÔÌÓØ£ÛåÔÜÙàÞáÊ\x9dØÜäêØ\x9dÉÝëÜÉÓÉ Good luck! And congratulations in advance!', 'To answer your first question. Just talk to him. Then if you see him in the Cafeteria ask if you can sit with him. Get to know him first. If it still feels right, ask him out. Coming out though is a tricky thing. The only ones you have to worry about is your parents. I am guessing at 19 and in college you are still reliant on them for money. If you think they would have no problem with you being gay then go for it. By all means tell the world, if you want to. On a side note, don\'t put him on a pedestal. Yes, he could be "the one" but he could also be just another in a long line of guys you are going to crush on. Just, since your new at this, I recommed taking it slow.', "If you don't want to hijack a holiday, and you don't live too-too far away, tell them you want to come talk to them about something, then drive home for the weekend. Then you'll have their attention for sure. They'll be asking you to tell them. There's no way they can forget.", 'Simple. I find the best way to initiate the conversation with online dating is to just simply introduce yourself. " Hi. My name is _______. I am a college student and I like _______. In my spare time, I like to __________. Tell me a little bit about yourself." That just a quick summary but you probably can get the picture. Keep the first email simple. If you guys are on OKCupid, than it is a given that both of you are out there looking for love. If he is interested, he will respond and then the conversation with flow naturally. But if you feel uncomfortable with him, than don\'t continue to talk to him. Trust your instinct. Have fun but play safe. Good luck! If you have time, please subscribe: îâÚâÚÖÚ¡ÈÝÒ£ÖæÐÒÆèÞáÌÜÔë¡ please like: ÛÔÈÓÇãäÞ\x93ÑÔá¤ÔØÙÉÕéÜÓÕÓãì\x9f follow: éêÎâÙÙç¡ÈÝÒ£ÖæÐÒÆèÞáÌÜÔë¡ and email: askdatingnow@gmail.com', 'Here\'s a post from /r/firefly about the same subject. "... I had a chance to meet him and check out his panel at Wizard Word Philly. One of the first things that was asked of him during his panel was political in nature. He shrugged the question off and apologized to the fan for not fully engaging the question. He acknowledged that he holds some really unpopular political/ideological positions and doesn\'t want those positions to alienate fans/friends from him in anyway. After this, he answered every single question that was asked of him fully and, as far as I could tell, genuinely. Don\'t let his twitter account fool you. I probably couldn\'t disagree with him more about politics, but he\'s absolutely one of the nicest celebs I\'ve ever met."', 'When I came out, everything went fairly fantastically. I hoped my parents would react well, but I never could have asked for a better reaction from them. My dad was ecstatic that I seemed happy for the first time in my life and my mom took my then-boyfriend and me out to dinner. I was terrified all of my friends would abandon me if they found out, or they would think "oh - well *that* explains it." I came out to a few and they were all pretty much like "well I didn\'t expect that, but that\'s cool." I slowly realized that I didn\'t care if they said "oh - well *that* explains it," because they were mostly right. I was depressed because I was gay and couldn\'t admit that to myself. I came across as a womanizer because that\'s how I thought I was "supposed" to act. In fact, I found out last night that my "last" close friend knows. He made a joke about some old woman hitting on me, and how it was funny because I\'m gay. I didn\'t know that he\'d knew, and he never started treating me differently. I honestly don\'t know what I\'d been nervous about. The only bad thing that happened was when some random guy yelled some pretty horrible things to me and my boyfriend when we were holding hands walking home from a bar late one night. I know I shouldn\'t have (I\'d had a bit to drink), but I broke his nose and dared him to "call me a faggot again." He ran away crying. I doubt he\'ll ever fuck with another gay person again. I don’t wear my sexuality on my sleeve, and I don’t think most people know (I operate on the “They ask, I’ll tell” policy), but a lot of my friends have found out, and all of them have just been happy for me. I really underestimated my friends.', 'so you believe in "don\'t ask don\'t tell"?', 'So - I\'d be lying if I didn\'t say that the idea of HIV scares the hell out of me. My parents had a good [gay] friend during college who died of HIV because his boyfriend was cheating on him. He went from being an incredibly attractive man to a gaunt, zombie-like person who was incapable of all but the most simple movements. At this point in my life, I\'m not ready for the concept of having a disease that will probably kill me, and until it does, needing to take $60K+ of medication per year. For that reason, I\'m terrified of doing anything (even kissing) with a guy who is HIV positive. Nothing against the guy, I just honestly don\'t want to die. Now I\'m certain I have a bunch of misconceptions about HIV and the nature of life with it, and I\'d love to be educated and corrected, but that doesn\'t make me any less terrified. I know the "likelyhood" of becoming infected is very low, but it is non-zero, and the idea of gambling with my life doesn\'t appeal to me. Every time I\'ve gotten with someone, I\'ve asked if they have anything, and when the last time they were tested was. Honestly, if I found out that a guy I\'d been seeing is HIV positive when we were making our relationship "official" I doubt I’d be interested in a relationship any more, and I’d also likely be incredibly furious. The concept of "don\'t ask, don\'t tell" or “ask-n-lie” with a life-threatening disease sounds pretty horrible to me. I\'m probably going to get downvoted to hell, but that\'s just honestly how I feel.', 'The "good" advice: If you haven\'t already, find and establish a local support network *now*. Make sure you have a place to go and a way to support yourself if you are kicked out. If you feel like she could possibly grow to be accepting, start paving the way to outing yourself. That doesn\'t sound like it\'s very possible though, so if you\'re really dependent on your parents\' support to survive, I guess try and stay on the down-low and reassure her about your sexual orientation. The "ugly" advice (that I actually believe in): Tell her to take her economic support and shove it up her ass. Take all your shit and go. (If you do this, make sure you spring it on her so she can\'t preemptively kick you out.) Tell her if she really cares about you and ever wants to see you again, she\'ll stop being a cunt and let you be who you are. If she really is that much of a heinous bitch that she won\'t support you regardless of your orientation, *she doesn\'t love you*. She might tell you she loves you and that she\'s acting out of love, but *she is full of shit*. Never forget that this is a woman who is threatening to kick you out of your own home because you\'re gay. If she doesn\'t tell you she loves you, that\'s even more fucked up. Either way, this is not someone who cares about *you*. You\'re living in an extremely toxic, dangerous environment and it can only fuck you up. If I were you, I\'d sever ties and run as fast as you can away from that, because it sounds like your parents are uncaring trash who don\'t love you and don\'t want what\'s best for you. Nothing good can come of living with them and, as nice as it would be to milk them of all they have so you can get a college education, it\'s not worth it if it\'s going to cost you your sanity and your individuality. edit: Having support network will help in the latter option, too. I know you have a boyfriend, but if you don\'t have more than whatever he can provide you (access to a job/some source of income, a place to stay, etc.), hold off on this until you\'re absolutely stable. If you don\'t have a strong network under you, you could easily end up homeless and completely broke, which is obviously not a place you want to be. If you don\'t have that, then you may have to tough it out until you\'re actually stable. edit 2: On the way out, I\'d say jack some supplies, too. I\'m talking food (if it\'s non-perishable and uncooked), toiletries, etc. Don\'t bleed them dry, because if they\'re big enough faggots about it they could probably call the cops on you or something, but grab enough so you have some extra stuff on hand if you really need it. It might seem weird, but every little thing can help. That way, you don\'t have to immediately go out and start spending money you don\'t have on shampoo, tooth paste, toilet paper, meals, etc. When you do this, remember, you\'re basically homeless. Treat that shit like it\'s motherfucking *gold*. If you don\'t already, use as little of each as you can each time you use it. I\'m talking three squares of toilet paper at the most, pea-sized amounts of toothpaste, minuscule amounts of shampoo. I don\'t know how much of this you already do or if you\'re big on fashion or anything, but you should conserve as much of everything as possible and ditch every luxury you can. Also, it occurs to me that you might have a bank account under your parents. If you do, *get every cent out immediately*. Open up your own without their knowing, so you at least have some money kept away somewhere. If they give you an allowance or whatever, try to hold out until the next time they pay you, or even save up for the next couple of pay days, so you have some extra cash when you bail. Get as duplicitous as you can. Bleed them for as much cash as you are capable of without straight-up robbing them. I also noticed that you said you live with your parents, but your OP only really talks about your mom. Where\'s your dad in all of this? Whose side is he on? Could he offer you any help whatsoever? Do you have *any* family who are on your side? Grandparents, aunts, uncles, siblings, cousins? If any of them could even possibly help you, ask them. If you\'re afraid of how they\'ll react, don\'t even come out. Just say your mom thinks you\'re gay and you\'re afraid she\'s going to kick you out. Just be careful that that doesn\'t get you in trouble.', '&gt;You read my points like a computer with asperger\'s. Dissecting my argument and asking for scientific data at every point proves nothing. The fact that you feel comfortable even typing such a sentence should probably embarrass you. Haranguing me for carefully examining your argument ("dissecting") and justifying your failure to provide any evidence at all are not particularly well-regarded methods of argument. I\'m not looking for a carefully controlled study, I\'d settle for a gallup poll if you could find one that supported your assertions. I understand that it is unreasonable to ask someone to cite everything, but you made two claims that are so absurd they _must_ be backed up by evidence to have any weight at all. &gt; Argument via wall of text is a rather ineffective means of communication and a classic way to pretend one has an argument. That would be true, if I had used a "wall o\' text". The important distinction being that I made sure to very carefully partition my argument logically so as to make it easier to follow. I gave you major overarching issues, numbered them, and then moved on to specific issues with subnumbering schemes. But I do enjoy that you attempt at a rebuttal is, "you wrote to many arguments which means you logically must have no arguments". It\'s brazen, I\'ll give you that. &gt;The nature of language is highly metaphorical (wait, logical fallacy, the natural environment has nothing to do with human communication schemas!). 1. The fact that language can be metaphorical (the "nature of language" is, by-the-by, not metaphorical in some categorical sense) has nothing to do with your arguments. You argued specific, concrete assertions to which I responded. They were _conceptual_, but not metaphorical. 2. There was no fallacy involved, but I\'m imagining you were trying to be funny or something. &gt;This is a ridiculous hyperbole. I won\'t dignify it with a response. So, you don\'t even mention most of my post, but you decide to quote one part to explicitly mention you won\'t argue it? Odd. More than that, the piece you quoted is an accurate statement of the logical implications of your dogma with regards to LGBT support post-high school. The rest of your post is essentially insults alternately directed at how stupid I am, how smart I am, and how much both of those things apparently annoy you. Suffice it to say, _ad hominems_ are not probative. Finally, you move on to my "shutting down" conversation because you can\'t support your own point. Of course there aren\'t "questions"; you\'re not a lecturer graving me with your ideas handed down from on high. You are someone with poorly supported, nigh unto nonsensical points whose offended when questioned about your logically insufficient reasoning. This is an argument, I disagree with you, and you have spent the past 2 paragraphs justifying your inability to even provide a modicum of reasoning or a hint of a response. The length of my post was proportional to the degree of error in yours, and that\'s it. You anti-intellectual ranting about how, essentially, long posts are unfair to you is childish and laughable. I spent time and effort constructing a post designed to be clear, consistent, and comprehensive, and to simply sweep it away because you don\'t feel capable of responding does not somehow show your superiority. It shows that you cannot muster enough wherewithal to put in the same amount of effort defending yourself that I put in dissecting your rather unfortunate posts. I am not a troll or even a troglodyte; I\'m simply massively, terribly annoyed when people wander into this subreddit seeking support for every silly notion that floats through their heads, and I\'m willing to fight and argue well enough to demonstrate exactly how wrong people like you are. You refusal to respond doesn\'t harm that goal, it bolsters the point. &gt;In conclusion, good day sir, I\'m done dealing with you. You did not, in fact, deal with anything. Although it does seem, given that you responded three separate times to my post, and the amount of irrational, overly defensive ire you displayed that you may have personal issues that should be dealt with. Speaking of the three posts, I\'ll just throw those responses here, since responding to you three, independent times would just be silly. &gt;Odd, also, now that I check, you accuse me of moving the goalposts, yet your first response has a star next to it. ಠ_ಠ. You sir are a bully and a rapscallion Yes, I edited my post. I fixed some typos and grammatical errors. I did not change any of my points. You apparently are attempting to imply that I have moved the goal posts by editing my post, but that conclusion doesn\'t logically follow from the necessary, but not sufficient, premise that I edited my post. &gt;T R O L L Finally, this beautiful piece of logic, highlighting the power of communication in the modern age. First, you clearly don\'t know what a troll is. Presumably I would have posted, "lolfag" and left it at that, had I been a troll. Trolls don\'t spend time writing long, thought-out responses to stupid posts to highlight every logical and evidenciary error the OP has commmitted. I believe the point of a troll is to spend _less_ time annoying them than the total time they are annoyed; it\'s sort of the profit-making scheme of trolls. I\'m quite sure my post took longer to write than you did to whine at me about it, so my troll profit would, unfortunately, be negative. Further, this is an obvious, if fanciful, attempt to stifle discussion. By simply calling me a troll, you absolve yourself of the responsibility to defend your post against a determined attacker. Unfortunately, calling me a troll does not make it so, and the arguments I made stand on their own. Name-calling doesn\'t change the nature of those arguments or make them go away; It just makes you look more pathetic for being unable to respond.', "Thing is, if you are on meds/undetectable and using a condom - there is very, very, very low risk of transmitting HIV to the other person. Hell, even if there is no condom being used the risk is still low. If you want to protect yourself from HIV - insist on using a condom. Don't fall into the trap of * He's not asking for a condom, so he must be clean * He looks healthy, he must not have HIV * If he was HIV+, he'd tell me * If he was HIV+, he'd insist on a condom I fell into that 'trap' - I'm 95% sure of who I got HIV from, and sorta fell into the 'Well, no one is asking about condoms, so everyone must be clean'. There is a good chance he didn't know he was HIV+ either. Do I blame him for me becoming HIV+? Nope, I take responsibility for my own actions and not reaching for the condoms.", 'Thank you! I laughed at the bro talk and it was indeed awkward. I\'m actually not out to anyone, not even on the Internet (well, this ID is new). Again, I\'m ashamed of that. This make things harder, no one got my back and the risk of losing a (no matter real or not) friend is higher. After all, the idea is definitely tempting. I guess I need a good timing. Interestingly, all those straights I had a feeling for were pretty manly, traditional/conservative, homophobia and/or not knowing much about lgbt. This particular individual who\'s bothering me (or I\'m bothering him) is a Christian + Republican and grew up in an anti-gay family. Ironically, his family likes me a lot and I\'m probably the only real close friend he has. I\'ve known him for a while and I saw his altitude changing. Recently, he told me that he supports civil union and "doesn\'t care" what gay people are doing, but he still believes they (we) are "wrong". I normally don\'t argue with him too much, but I do try to intercept ideas. And I like your conclusion, yes, either way, it\'s a bad situation. I\'ll graduate soon, hope that will help. But then I\'ll probably have come to reddit again asking how to grow up and get out of this damn closet. I\'m certainly not honest enough to those friends, but normally I tell them that I\'m not honest with everything. I feel guilty about that and am super honest with everything else.', 'The same change we sold ourselves with Obama regarding the issues you mentioned in your last entry, you are selling to yourself with Paul. Nothing will change. Tradition is here to stay regardless of the ideas of grandeur you think a Ron Paul will bring. And when I am referring to tradition I refer to it in the economic sense. Wars in recent memory, especially the ones in the middle east, are for economic reasons, mostly. Privacy issues are maybe your best bet. However I wouldn\'t count on it. America is the first in world on data gathering and it\'s a multi-billion dollar business with a large lobbying arm. It is a beast that does not and will not be tamed. There is in entirely too much money and greed involved for lil\' Ron Paul to do anything effective. I had high hopes for Obama as you do with Paul. They will be shattered. I too had to accept this...it\'s difficult. But the sooner you learn this the better. This society will collapse. This government will collapse. Whether that is ten years or twenty years down the line, it will. Eventually. Infinite growth comes with a price especially when you do not have infinite resources. Our day will come when we do have a realistic chance in changing our predicament, however not with the bureaucratic process currently in place. And that will not come down from the outside, it will from the inside. Take a look at your history books. Waiting will be your best bet for changing our predicament...waiting. Just waiting for a moment when this economic machine sputters out and we can start anew. We are too far set in our ways to make any effective lasting change at the moment. Our society, our way of life just will not allow for it. And I didn\'t say I don\'t want to help change the world for the better, I just realize it is a fruitless effort. You have too much stacked against you...much more than we do with equality for LGBT. But by all means, keep trucking...I just said it will be a wasted effort. But if it makes you happy, so be it. Sell yourself blue sky for a better day. I just prefer to focus my efforts on something I can change, such as marriage equality. The tide has turned in this country when dealing with marriage equality. After the collapse of this system, equality issues can still progress from the point where the collapse takes place. I just feel it makes more sense to focus on something where you can make a REAL difference instead of worrying about something you and millions of others can\'t change. I guess after working years in politics I\'ve realized the system that is in place will not change until it is brought down by its own. Outside forces will be kept at bay. If there is one thing they do well it is keeping the status quo. Now you are probably thinking, "well, aren\'t equality issues facing the same problem." Not necessarily. It\'s a social issue that is much easier to change than the formidable task you want to tackle...a social-economic-wealth-power clusterfuck that is going to hold on dearly for everything it\'s worth. Your one vote for Ron Paul could do exactly what my one vote for Obama did... If Paul got elected, it would elect a man with high ideals in regards to changing the wars, the privacy issues, and the economy. But Obama and myself realized that (A). a four year term is going to do nothing to change that. (B). there is stuff that you just don\'t understand as a candidate as far the way things REALLY work. And (C). it will never change regardless of who is in office in current system. You are being naive if you think Paul will go in there and magically make it all better. If he had absolute dictatorial power, maybe. However the President doesn\'t have those powers. It\'s a whole clusterfuck of organizations and bureaucratic bullshit that will not change. Don\'t have the audacity to think this is the first generation that is so dissatisfied with the way the government performs and conducts its duties that it\'s willing to revolt. Come on. There have been people like us throughout the century that have seen the "writing on the wall." And realized how we are doing things in regards to wars and the economy that are going to ultimately hurt us. Wealth, power, and greed are a strong beast. And Ron Paul will and can do nothing to change that baring disintegrating the entire government, Wall St., and our current way of life. TRUST me he can NOT do that... There are too many interests at stake that will not allow that and as I said earlier the sooner you stop selling yourself blue sky and realize the better off you will be. "Stop worrying about things you cannot control." I can control which way equality is going because it is not interconnected to that wealth, power, and greed trifecta. At one point LGBT equality was going nowhere however those days are over. I guess it just a more reasonable approach for me in confronting the world I live in. Something I can reasonable change to make a better tomorrow for myself and others like me. It can be a sad and disheartening message that I\'m telling you. Hopefully one day we can start anew. Then you can use your energies to put this society in the right direction with regards to wars, the economy, and the such. But what you want to do is turn everything on its head and that will not be allowed by the status quo. They will not give you that inch to go a mile. It\'s been tried many times and it keeps moving right along no matter who is in office. I\'m sorry. And it is terribly unfortunate. Welcome to world we currently inhabit. Now go ahead. Focus your efforts on something that can reasonably be changed. A vote for Ron Paul is a vote to put LGBT progress in a backward motion.', "I highly recommend [*For the Bible Tells Me So*](ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÜå\x93Ýâ×Ç\x9cÈãâ¢Ù×ÙàÚ¢Ùâ\x95\xad¦¥\x9a¦\x98£). A great documentary that explores the topic you're asking about. I don't have much else to add because everyone else mostly covered it. As a gay atheist, I find it difficult to relate to. It's sort of similar to the people who argue science and religion are perfectly compatible, and the ones who say religion has no place in your life if you embrace science. In the end, as long as they keep it moderate and embrace all the good stuff (science/logic/compassion etc.), religion is fine. It makes them happy, whatever.", "I think ending Don't Ask Don't Tell is an important part in continuing this trend. The military has a high position among conservatives. Seeing gay soldiers and service members, as well as the lack of controversy surrounding them, will be a powerful force in turning the tide against homophobia. Its important for people in areas where there are not many (out) homosexuals to recognize us for who we are. The next battles for gay rights won't be fought in San Francisco or New York. Instead, they will be fought in states like North Carolina or Ohio. In fact, in NC, it is already beginning. Republicans have succeeded in putting an anti gay marriage amendment on the ballot. In order to win these battles, we must show voters that there are gay people in every community.", 'You should check out /r/transgender and /r/asktransgender. Asktransgender would be an especially good place to start learning, if you\'re interested. Also, I do believe there have been several trans-focused AMA\'s. [Reddit search for "trans ama".](ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÜå\x93æÚ×É×Ù¢ØâÒ\x9d×£ÖßÑ\x9dØÙÖåÈÖ¤å²ç×ÏÓç ÔÒÏ) As for causing offense... don\'t worry about it. Just be open to correcting yourself if need be, is all. And try to remember that some people have had to deal with amazingly horrible shit their entire lives. They may react strongly at first, because it can be hard to tell an innocent mistake from an intentional insult when you\'ve had to deal with nothing but the insults your entire life. The folks on the trans forums are generally pretty awesome people, so as long as you\'re actually trying to learn and show support, you\'ll be fine.', 'Short commentary on the friends list portion of your post: I post a lot of political articles on my FB page. Someone asked me, aren\'t you afraid you\'ll lose friends by posting some of that stuff? I told them I wouldn\'t know if I did. They suggested I download that app that notifies me whenever someone unfriends me. I told them, "if they don\'t have the guts to tell me to my face that they\'re leaving and why, then why in the hell would I care that they\'re gone?"', 'There does seem to be evidence of attraction being hard wired into the brain. However, the evidence has not yet reached a level of "oh, look at this x-ray, this guy was obviously 60% bi" or whatever. In short, that you find a happy, healthy relationship appears to be better for your physical and emotional health than the sex of the person(s) you\'re in the relationship(s) with. The part of your post that most concerns me, however, is when you stated "some days looking at women disgusts me, and other days the same is true of men." Most people don\'t go from extreme to extreme so quickly. That is occurs in just this one portion of your life isn\'t a major cause of concern. But if you find other topics on which you feel this way from day to day, I would recomment discussing this with a professional. If you have something like bipolar disorder, or one of the others, it\'s not just hard on you, it\'s hard on people with whom you have a relationship, including your family. But to address your initial question, some people appear to be truly 50/50 bisexual. Just find some good friends, wait till you get that special tingling telling you that you\'d want to ask one of them out on a date, and take it slow from there.', "You're gay. Therefor it's not [libel](ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤ØÓ\x9cÜÝàÜÕÓÉÝÖ¡ÔàÌ£ìÜÐ×\x94ÇêÕØâÆâéÜÆÚÄèçèÙÖ), and talking to a lawyer will just mean spending a money to find out there is nothing the courts will do (Assuming you're in the US). Even if you could successfully sue the paper, it wouldn't accomplish much, since you'll still need to deal with being outed. So ignore the people saying you should talk to a lawyer, unless you have money you want to burn. Possible responses: Tell people that the paper printed libelous lies, and you're not really gay. This may not work. Ignore it. Have people actually been asking you about this? How many of the people you consider relevant actually read the paper through? Where is this town? You don't need to name it exactly; just what region of the country (world?). What do you expect the ramifications to be? Will your college take action against you? Will your family? Do you expect anyone to attempt to murder you?", 'You never know until you try is a good attitude to have, because it\'s going to become important. You never know if coming out will be a disaster until you try. You never know if another guy will date you until you ask them. You never know how your friends will react until they find out. But don\'t think you\'re running an effective experiment if the things you\'re trying are all hetero-biased. My advice would be to lay off making a decision on relationships until you can be honest and forward with people about your instincts. In case my story illuminates your own: I dated a girl freshman year of high school (this is what we\'re supposed to do, right?) and every time she wanted to escalate the relationship it was just obnoxious. We broke up when she moved. For the next many years of my life, I just assumed I would end up marrying the girl who has been my bff since 1st grade, but we never went anywhere romantic. I studied abroad my sophomore year of college and met a boy. When he left the country I was crushed, and that was the point at which I stopped wanting to be safe. I told my parents, and their reaction sent me back into bitter withdrawal until I graduated college. As soon as I got a job, I started telling everyone who I was, meeting cute boys, and living my life honestly. It\'s a step-by-step process, but at some point you will stop caring about what you\'re "supposed" to do, and start caring about what is healthy for you.', 'I don\'t think the DADT metaphor works here. "Don\'t ask don\'t tell" in the military assumed everyone was straight, and forbade anyone from saying otherwise. This guy\'s suggestion isn\'t to assume everyone is negative, it\'s to assume everyone is positive even if they don\'t think they are. The suggestion isn\'t bad, but the metaphor is awful. By asking if every casual sexual partner is negative and then taking their word for it (or taking their Manhunt profile\'s word for it), it sets up an environment where honest positive guys are shunned. This inadvertantly encourages some guys who know they\'re positive to lie, and encourages many more guys to take a don\'t-ask-don\'t-tell attitude towards their *own* status. To keep engaging in unprotected sex and putting off getting tested, and assuming they\'re negative because they only have sex with other guys who say they\'re negative (to the best of their knowledge anyway). Not asking casual partners about their HIV status may not be a bad idea. Discussion about medical history can wait for the relationship to get more serious. For everything else, assuming all sex is potentially risky and taking appropriate precautious may be safer than dividing men up into "safe" and "not safe" categories.', 'What an idiot, he\'s just encouraging the otherwise honest HIV+ guys to go down a terrible route of being looked down upon. Suppose some really nervous 23 year old college guy approaches someone who\'s HIV+, engages in conversation, and the two decide to have sex. What if the young guy has thoughts like *"Hope I don\'t screw this up"* or *"gee I wonder if I should ask the guy if he has HIV, well wait, he\'d tell me, right? Seems like a good, honest guy"* What Michael Moron Lucas suggests is *"hey, as long as the guy didn\'t ask HIS FAULT"* - sure the kid may of made a mistake by NOT asking, but what a shitty way to ruin somebody\'s life.']