['I need to rant every time I see stuff like this. &gt; So what are we going to do? Christians are specifically called to minister to the lowly and downtrodden and all we’ve done is drive a part of them away. Ugh... This is why I hate the so-called "liberal Christians" nearly as much as the fundamentalists. No, you haven\'t driven us away, you are a major part, in fact the most important part, of the system that makes us "lowly and downtrodden" in the first place. And that\'s *you*, not the fundamentalists, not the conservatives. It\'s *you Christians*, it\'s *Christianity*, liberals Christians are just Christianity\'s historical revisionism. They\'re Christianity\'s attempt to veil over its vile wretchedness by pretending all Christian history up to this tiny blip in modern Christianity was a big misunderstanding. If your god had existed, he would\'ve been partly responsible for *every single evil* done in his name because he never even lifted a finger to warn his followers that it wasn\'t in his name. I implore anyone affected by Christian bigotry to never forgive, never forget. Christianity had its chance to do good and it chose evil instead. If their god exists, he either chose to ignore and didn\'t care what Leelah Acorn\'s parents did to her or supported them. Jesus and his followers are not owed our forgiveness, they haven\'t earned it and they never will. These false platitudes of tolerance and understanding only exist because Christians can\'t do all its old tricks any more. It will always have the same black heart at its rotten core. It\'s all an attempt to worm its way into our hearts. Don\'t fawn over every half-arsed attempt to extend an olive branch to us because they just want to spread their disgusting faith. Fuck Christianity for all the evil it does, fuck Jesus and fuck all the Christians who act like Christianity\'s some misunderstood religion of peace we should accept when the bodies in its wake, all the people it has hurt, all their lives it has claimed or destroyed are all still there and still being added to and always will, not matter what liberals^^* say "real" Christianity is. ^^* ^Or ^even ^some ^conservatives ^like ^Pope ^Francis, ^a ^man ^who ^has ^the ^honour ^of ^being ^The ^Advocate\'s ^Person ^of ^the ^Year ^in ^\'13 ^with ^a ^"No ^H8" ^symbol ^on ^his ^face ^while ^parodoxically ^believing ^that ^homosexuality ^is ^a ^sinful ^aberration.', "IIRC the other stories about this, Leelah didn't come out as transgender to her friends. She came out as gay, which is what her friends are referring to. This reporter is conflating the two events (coming out as gay, and coming out as trans). Many of her friends probably didn't know she was trans until after she died.", "I don't really understand this petition. Leelah was a minor and it is up to her parents and her parents only to decide what is placed on her headstone.", "/u/nashife: &gt; IIRC the other stories about this, Leelah didn't come out as transgender to her friends. She came out as gay, which is what her friends are referring to. &gt;This reporter is conflating the two events (coming out as gay, and coming out as trans). Many of her friends probably didn't know she was trans until after she died.", "I don't regret coming out at all; I'd be dead if I hadn't. I'm not in contact with any of my family anymore, they recast me as being possessed by demons and circled the wagons around my parents; good riddance to all of them. I'm not where I'd like to be emotionally, as I still have lasting PTSD and anxiety issues (the Leelah Alcorn thing has hit me hard the past couple of days), but I'm not actively suicidal and psychotic any more like I was when I was still in contact with them.", 'I have a feeling someone is going to spray-paint the name "Leelah" over "Joshua" in her headstone regardless of the consequences.', '&gt; *She killed herself because she couldn\'t handle life, not because she was treated like shit. Don\'t be so irrational, don\'t use her mother as the scapegoat because she\'s the most dislikable person associated with her suicide.* Did you read the suicide note? Her parents, and the phony Christian "therapists" they condemned their daughter to receive "therapy" from, played the largest role in the developing the negative mindset that led to her death. Homophobes and transphobes frequently play such a role in the unfortunate suicides of countless teens and young adults, who feel incapable of happiness and self-acceptance in light of rejection by those who are supposed to love them, and your solution is to remain silent out of respect for the real killers in these most tragic of circumstances. To claim that her mother is merely the *"most [un]likable person associated with her suicide"* is to deny the depth of destruction that LGBT-erasure can and very frequently does cause. We can see this even now, with her mother refusing to refer to her daughter as her daughter; imagine being Leelah, and having to respond to "Josh" or "Joshua" despite knowing that\'s not who you are, being called "my son" or "my boy" despite knowing that\'s not what you are, constantly being reminded of the fact that your own family refuses to see you for who and what you truly are, and having to look in the mirror and see someone you can no longer recognize because of that rejection. You are vastly underestimating the power of ignorance in LGBT oppression. &gt; *Nobody deserves to be humiliated you sick fuck, it\'s that attitude which promotes homophobia. You\'re basically saying people deserve abuse because they\'re stupid? With that logic it\'s easy to abuse anybody. People have stories and don\'t do things for no reason, she is just as much a victim as anybody else.* And nobody deserves to feel so unhappy that they believe suicide is the only solution, and yet, here we are. If her mother is a victim of anything, she is her own assailant. Her ignorance and bigotry cost her the wonderful life she could have had with her daughter. She alone is responsible for the suffering she now endures.', 'I had this post keyed in where I suggested understanding for the grieving mother and some consideration of whether it\'s strategic to focus on the parents\' views at this time, but staring at the headline above makes me too pissed off to finish it. I\'m also recalling that it\'s not good to tone police people\'s reactions to an act of oppression. I am struck in this piece by the utter hypocrisy of "unconditional love." Clearly love is not just a word you can say. And if God doesn\'t make mistakes, clearly He meant Leelah to be trans, to be the woman she knew herself to be.', "&gt;She alone is responsible for the suffering she now endures. One day you will realise that everybody is responsible for their own suffering. This applies to Leelah too, there is a multitude of decisions she could have made that would have resulted in her staying alive, not to mention becoming happier, or even better, trying to change her family's mind.... One day you will see, something will happen to you and you will see. You are responsible for yourself, no matter what *anybody* says.", "I'm still a big fan of My Chemical Romance, even though they are not together anymore. It's nice to see the individual band members show their support. Gerard was also tweeting about Leelah's incident and raising awareness of help that's available like the trevor project for LGBT members. Great people.", "Sorry for being condescending but you're either way too emotional or full of absolute shit. Either way, you're misguided. What you want is too heavily shaped by your personal experiences, catered for you, far too biased. You seem to believe that value, or worth, is a reality, when in fact it is simply an ideality. You must understand how your actions affect *reality*, not just your ideality. I see us as equally worthless, because I employ my ideality of value exclusively for me, I don't enforce it upon others. It is up to everyone to fight for what they want *for themselves*, if you want to fight for what you want for *somebody* else than you are being invasive, ergo oppressive. I do not condone nor condemn the actions of Leelah, as she is equally right and wrong, it just depends on what Ideality one would employ, creating a specific interpretation. Morals don't *really* exist, they *ideally* exist. I'm not saying you shouldn't fight against people like her mum, but only when necessary, in this case, she's just a dumb shit, her damage is done and now she has no significance. You should be focusing on anonymously conveying why her actions are wrong, but no, you want vengeance... how sweet. You're bullshit honour means nothing in reality, only in the ideality of you and those who share it. You lack empathy for others, though fortunately it seems you do possess sympathy, which is why your intent is just (well unless you're full of shit). Also, hope and fear are no different, and no, you shouldn't let them dictate your life. In case you're not aware we are born into slavery, existence in this universe is *slavery*. We have never been able to choose *anything*, our lives, our fate, everything appears to be predetermined.", "That's obviously true, and outside of this thread, I'm not really discussing this particular case more than I would, say, similar circumstances *in general.* We have to measure our responses to these situations, in light of the effect our words, not to mention these situations in themselves, can have on others who might feel similarly. When I talk about being loudly and defiantly demanding of equality, I don't mean it in such a way that singles out Leelah's case, and when I talk about raising awareness of the impact that homophobia and transphobia has on impressionable youth, though I may use definite terms, I don't mean to single our Carla Alcorn as if she alone is responsible for LGBT oppression. We definitely can't ignore these individual cases and dehumanize those whose lives have been lost in this fight, but we have to ensure that our activism doesn't become exploitative and sensationalistic. In general, I think a wise and thorough discussion on this topic, about how to proceed and in what manner we should fight for equality, requires more time, space, and thought than internet forums typically allow or encourage.", "I've read your post, and I respectfully disagree with the notion that we should offer her parents compassion. From the sounds of it, there was no effort on their part to learn about their daughter, to learn about trans* identities, or do anything but tell her she was wrong, bad. As the child of a narcissistic religious parent, I also disagree with the notion that her parents deserve compassion. If I had at some point in my teenage years killed myself because of my mothers abuse, and found that strangers offered her compassion for her treatment, her hostility, her neglect, her put downs, her accusations, her screaming, her ignoring, her blaming me for ruining her life, I would probably have killed myself again. I agree with you in that violent harassment is not the answer. But what they did is abuse. Because it left no bruises or visible scars does not make it less deserving of punishment. It is abuse. Abusers do not deserve compassion. Leelah's parents need to be educated and shown their errors (at least. I too advocate for jail sentences for those who force conversion therapy on their children). The vitriol and hate they are receiving en masse, while misguided is coming from a place of empathy for Leelah, empathy others have been there, empathy for themselves because they have felt the way that Leelah felt. Edit: This is exactly how we stop this from happening again. By teaching the public that this is child abuse. Cruel, sadistic, child abuse. We know exactly why they rejected Leelah. But the why is just an excuse. There are lots of other religious people who don't abuse their queer children, but the Alcorns did. Edit edit: I just really believe that this happens because there isn't enough pressure on parents to understand the severe consequences of toxic actions towards their children.", "Well said. Let's not pretend that there's anything unique about Leelah's parents, that venting our feelings one one couple will help anything, when there are thousands of others continuing to do exactly the same and millions teaching them to do so.", 'Absolutely not. We do NOT need to leave her parents alone. Her parents were abusers. My mother abused me for being gay by having me kidnapped off to a torture camp. She has never faced charges - or those who abused me - because it\'s apparently "parental rights". Well, what about Leelah\'s fucking rights? What about my rights? What about the countless thousands of kids in America who have been abused in this way or similar? The number is HUGE but you rarely ever hear about it, because people don\'t care. There are kids trapped RIGHT NOW in these camps, facilities and so-called "boarding schools" right across America. What about them? Why shouldn\'t we HOUND each and every one of their parents for abusing them in such a terrible way? Make an example of them for all other abusers to see. In the country I now live - Great Britain - Leelah\'s parents would now officially be under arrest, facing up to 14 years imprisonment. There is a REASON why that\'s the case.', '&gt; This applies to Leelah too, there is a multitude of decisions she could have made that would have resulted in her staying alive Like not being trans. The stuff you say is stupid.', "I don't think we should necessarily be helping them. But we absolutely should not be heaping further pain on them right now. &gt; Leelah's parents need to be educated and shown their errors No, they don't. Bluntly, what they think doesn't matter at all anymore.", "You're missing the point. It isn't about *them* it's about stopping this from happening to another child. Letting people like this walk around in ignorance, blaming everything but themselves for the death of their daughter *and facing no consequences for the death of their daughter* ensures that next year, in six months, in three weeks we will be here to mourn and express anger at the loss of yet *another* Leelah.", "&gt; It isn't about them it's about stopping this from happening to another child. Which is why our focus needs to be on this 'therapy' as a whole. Leelah's parents are no worse than thousands of others, even if this particular case ended so badly and publicly. &gt; Letting people like this walk around in ignorance, blaming everything but themselves for the death of their daughter and facing no consequences for the death of their daughter The consequences are that their child just died and directly called them out. Stupid religious nuts or not, I sincerely doubt they are so divorced from reality to not suffer from the death of their child, and a death that is quite directly your fault is a whooooooooole other level. These people ARE suffering, and the only possible outcome of further harassing them is to make us look like complete assholes and give more ammo to the people who'd like to silence us. By what mechanism do you think harassing her family is going to produce any kind of progress?", 'Death threats are unwarranted. But calling the parents out as abusers is perfectly valid. What they did killed their child. In a just society, they would be charged, tried, and probably imprisoned for it. That won\'t happen. And other transgender kids around the country are going to continue to be bullied by their parents until they kill themselves. In my opinion, these parents need to be made an example of how bad parents and conversion therapy can kill. So while I don\'t support death threats, I certainly do support shaming them in every other way. As far as "they aren\'t going to hurt us, any more than they already have", I strongly disagree. These parents won\'t, but others will. This is why it is so important to use Leelah\'s sacrifice to do as she asked and try to fix society. And part of that is informing and deterring other parents from considering conversion therapy.', "&gt; But right now, we don't know enough about what happened in this case. We have her tumblr note, yes, but 90% of suicides have a mental health component to them. We don't know the full story, apart from for whatever reason Leelah felt like she had no future. [We know much more than that](ÝçÙÞØ®¤¢ÜåÜ¢çØÉÒÎè£ÖÔÛ\x94æ¤ÔØÙÙæÖáØÕÊâÙØ×\x9dÈãâàÊÜÙç¤¥ÐÛ\x9bíé¢ÎáÄèÝÜØÍÈããæÎÒÊæÚ×ÄÏÇéèØ\x94)", "I think the point though is to tar and feather these people as publicly and loudly as possible, to create a stigma about being abusive homophobic and transphobic parents/people so that all those thousands of others cannot practice their beliefs with so much ease. Its not about 'punishing' Leelah's parents, its about making them useful in some small way to making a world where children don't kill themselves. Frankly, if we let these parents quietly slip away out of sight then the thousands of others will continue completely uninterrupted and Leelah's death would have brought nothing by 15 days of fame, as opposed to lasting change, however slight.", "Yeah...I've seen this comment made a lot and it bugs me. I agree that it's terrible that an innocent truck driver went through this. It is undeniably horrible; and I do feel for him. But I think it's wrong to place any blame on Leelah for that. I attempted suicide because of the torture I experienced at an anti-gay camp I was forcibly sent to by my mother 6 weeks after coming out. It's because of that experience I want to explain a few things: When you reach the point where you've decided to end your life, you are focused only on your own pain (which is beyond overwhelming) and you are focused upon making that pain stop. This means that you will do anything to just stop hurting. You don't think about others. The time has passed for that. Your mind has been tortured to the point that you can only think about completing the job you set out to do, which is to kill yourself. This does not mean that Leelah acted in a consciously heartless or nasty way. She probably didn't think about that side of things because of her pain. It is not her fault. You need to try and get inside the mind of someone who is suicidal to understand. That is difficult to do, I know, but you must try and see it from that perspective.", 'No particular position? These people seemed to have a very firmly seated position if you read Leelahs note and the posts on her reddit account. And how exactly is anyone supposed to focus rage on a completely uninvolved organization over this? That is the literal definition of politicizing her death to take on a completely unrelated target who can just shrug their shoulders at it and say "We\'ve never heard of these parents, it has nothing to do with us." Attacking completely uninvolved people is bullying, attacking directly responsible people who can be forever imprinted on the Christian consciousness as ungodly childkillers for whom all such offenders can be painted as, is a sound strategy. "Hey you are acting just like the parents who killed Leelah" "Oh shit the whole world hates those people because their attitudes and actions are completely indefensible, I guess we better *try* to not let *our* lives be ruined too" You know? Kinda like we shame racists? Or should we stop doing that too and target corporate america instead? If you go top down and take out the organizations, people are still going to be homophobic and propagate homophobic beliefs in their communities. If you go bottom up and make individuals think twice about regurgitating gospel no matter the human cost and tarnishing of their reputation and standing - then noone turns up to *hear* what the big bad and irrelevant organisation has to say.', "That is a very great idea. That poor driver is probably not handling this very well at all. I know I wouldn't be if it was me in that tractor. I hope they can realize that there was nothing they could do. Leelah had already made up her mind by that point and there was probably not enough time for the driver to stop anyway. I hope he does not blame himself.", "I grew up in a Christian family as well and I worked in a Roman Catholic diocese for 4 years. I too know what it's like. I'm just really sick of parents and people using the Bible and God for harm rather than good. And yes, I'm sure they did think and believe that what they were doing was the right thing. But they never even gave Leelah a chance. They never gave her a second to try and understand what she was feeling. I also agree with you about sending the parents some support/kind words. That's why I ended my letter the way I did. They can take this tragedy and turn it into something that Leelah would be proud of. They now have a chance and opportunity to do something good with what they've learned so far. They can choose to help others like Leelah. Or as I said, they can continue to believe that they were absolutely right in what they did and how they handled things and do nothing to help anyone or learn anything about others. It's up to them. They can either go outside their comfort zones for their daughter or they can stay in their sheltered world.", "I mean her parents have no particular position *of authority*, not that they have no opinions. But they got those deadly opinions from people who *do* have positions of authority, people in teaching roles with budgets and educations and who should bear the responsibility that goes with that. I don't think that challenging people who teach a specific doctrine for that doctrine's results is farfetched. Of *course* they will disclaim responsibility. But Leelah's parents are disclaiming responsibility, too.", "Yeah, we can't expect someone with severe depression to be thinking about the big picture, that's for sure ..... tho the world would have been a better place with Leelah in it ... even if she was unfairly put in the position of having to be a pioneer and never having the ideal resources and support available for her to transition and live the life she wanted, she could have helped so many others ... OTOH lots of people everyday are born/live/die in situations that are completely unfair too .... hard to make sense of it all ... there probably is no sense to it.", 'What did they *do* though? I am not trying to undermine the tragedy here because it is absolutely agonizing, my only issue is that we don\'t know the parent\'s side of the story. We don\'t know how bad it was. I know I\'m coming across as the bad guy here but I\'m just trying to be as logical as possible. Unless I have missed out on some important details, all we have to go on is Leelah\'s note in which she said "Fuck you. You can\'t control people like that." or something to that effect. *How do we know what that really means?* What if they just told her, "No, you won\'t practice that in our house"? They are blinded by their indoctrination, likely dating back to their childhood. They *can\'t* see the error of their ways. That\'s why I have an issue with this open letter calling them cowards and fucking bashing them for doing what they thought was right. Fucking have some sympathy for them, you know? No matter what was going on I am betting they loved their child. Their child committed suicide and these people are being berated and crushed underfoot by the LGBT community. Obviously something was going on, but just because the girl committed suicide doesn\'t give her comment to her parents more merit than it would have if she hadn\'t taken her life. She may have even been suffering from clinical depression, in which case her suicide could have been directly related to her clouded judgement, which could also explain the potentially unwarranted statement to her parents. My aunt practically raised me, but when she was going through a major low point with her depression she said to me, "Remember when I said I love you like you are my own kid? I lied". Obviously she didn\'t mean that. It was her illness speaking for her. Now, I\'m not going to sit here and try to pass this off as though I\'m just so sure any of this holds any ground. It is just food for thought. My main point is that we don\'t know the full story and we shouldn\'t be bothering these people with confrontational messages during a time of loss. It isn\'t fair to attack her parents because of a comment in her suicide note. That just isn\'t right and I wish people would stop it.', "Let them try and remove the memory of what they did. It's too late. Leelah spoke to us all and continues to do so. Pulling that blog down isn't going to assuage your guilt nor diminish your negligence mother. You get to go to bed every night knowing that you failed to give your child the one thing you were supposed to give, unconditional love. Pull the blog down. Burn all the letters. Put that suicide note on a rocket and fire it into the sun. Leelah still speaks to me. Leelah still speaks to us all. (I'm sorry I am still angry. I think I might be for a long time.)", 'It speaks to the torment that every queer kid lives through daily. Remember this. Remember Leelah. Speak up. We have to change peoples minds. We have to do the work to be sure there is never another Leelah. Never.', 'Interestingly /r/atheism got a lot of threads about Leelah.', 'Sometimes I think that this country is progressing on LGBT issues..and then I hear stories about parents like Leelahs\' and I realize we are NOT progressing at all. Tragedies like this break my heart and if there is any way that I can speak out for the LGBT youth, then I most certainly will. Please, LISTEN to your kids, when they have something as important as this to tell you. Don\'t mock them or belittle them. Don\'t choose your god over your own flesh and blood. Hug them and tell them that everything\'s going to be alright and you got their back, no matter what. How can we expect our kids to grow into functioning adults if their childhood was so dysfunctional? The Alcorns will never have the chance to say " I love you, Leelah", but it\'s not to late to tell your kids that you love them, no matter what path they choose in life.', "Gender identity is a neurological thing. Brains can be male or female, sometimes something in between. Sometimes someone is born with a mismatch. Usually a male brain in a female body or vice versa. This causes 'gender dysphoria.' Exactly what dysphoria is like varies from person to person, but over time, if left untreated, it can lead to extreme depression that can result in death. So far, the only way to get rid of it is via social/medical transition. That's why people undergo transition. It's medically necessary, and Leelah's idiotic parents denied her of it.", 'Let me try an analogy, although it may help if you Google "concern trolling". While the protests in Ferguson were the biggest news out there—by all rights a story about a community putting their foot down and saying "no more" to the racist violence and police brutality they had endured for years—some people derailed discussion of the events by saying "Wait! But Michael Brown stole $2.00 worth of cigarillos! He\'s no angel!" The thing is, nobody is here to argue about the merits of stealing from convenience stores. These people are fighting for their right to walk down the street without being murdered and here you are nitpicking the history of one guy? Did every damn unarmed black person who was murdered by police this year steal some cigarillos? Fuck no. And if they had would it justify their murder without trial? Fuck no. So why are you even here if that\'s all you have to talk about? Similarly, no one is in this thread raving about how great it is to jump in front of trucks and saying we should all do it ourselves. That\'s not what this is about *and if you\'re being honest, you know that.* This discussion around Leelah Alcorn\'s death has spurred and is part of a broader discussion on the emotional violence exacted on trans people every day, all over the world. No one has claimed she was a perfect human. We all make mistakes; we especially make them when we\'re in the midst of the greatest emotional turmoil of our lives. Suicidal people are *usually* not thinking clearly. That isn\'t news! You\'re not helping anyone by calling a dead teenager selfish and violent. No one\'s learning anything from you. If everyone did this, we would never be able to talk about important issues without sifting through and debating the merits of all the choices made by all the victims. That\'s not the point. All you\'re doing, whether you realize it or not, is derailing a topic that must be talked about. People\'s lives are at stake. Children\'s lives are at stake. Can you please, for a moment, focus on *the reason this young woman died*? I think you\'ll find the focus is well-earned.', "&gt; It's medically necessary, and Leelah's idiotic parents denied her of it. They put their shit beliefs over their child's needs.", "&gt; We need to leave Leelahs parents alone, because there are millions like them. Just because a problem is ubiquitous doesn't mean we should tolerate it.", 'You are not wrong, I am not about letting anyone off. Leelahs life was taken from her. But putting it all on the parents didn\'t address making changes to society. Why isn\'t there riots outside the places laws are made? Why isn\'t the public putting pressure on police to investigate potential child abuse? Why are there not protests outside reparative therapy places? Why aren\'t people focusing on the church, on Christianity the institution? And the bigoted cultures that have sprung up around it? A campaign of abuse against two people is wrong, no matter what the circumstances, but please don\'t think I am letting them off. This focus on just the parents is misguided and putting them in an evil box and hating them makes them look like some isolated case of evil when there are systemic problems and terrible, harm full ideas that need to be addressed. Namely, why isn\'t a parent withholding medical treatment for their child illegal? And why wasn\'t there a place she could go? Where was her support? Those are things that need to be grabbed right now. But instead, "her mum called her a he, what a bitch"... That focus will not make the changes that leelah wrote about to society.', 'Because minors are human beings too. Less than one more year, and there\' be no contest; the Alcorns wouldn\'t even legally be allowed to call her anything but Leelah. They\'re blatantly ignoring the last thing she ever wanted before she died after a life of heavy abuse. They have no right to have any kind of hold on her or claim to her, and this petition is trying to right that wrong. They practically fucking murdered her, the least we can do is make sure she\'s remembered properly, even if that means a giant "fuck you" to her parents, which they deserve anyways. In addition to her suicide note, shortly afterward an apology note was published in the same method as the note itself. She apologized to basically everyone *except* her parents. Her last words to them were "Fuck you." They deserve nothing.', "That's WHY WE HAVE THE PETITION. THEY DON'T *DESERVE* THAT RIGHT. They don't even deserve peace of mind because they're fucking murderes. The whole point of this petition is to keep them from disgracing the dead human being that they *tortured to death.* They have the legal right, yes, but the fact that they DO have that legal right is a PROBLEM, and I for one, am in favor of fixing that problem, because trans people take enough shit in life; the fact that currently the law is letting Leelah take even more shit in death is just a goddamn disgrace to humanity.", 'I never said *smash* the headstone. Jesus christ, read what I wrote before you respond. *Obviously,* if we put "Leelah Alcorn" on it, the parents are gonna consider it ruined. I said "ruin it **for them**" not ruin it period. Smashing the headstone would be the exact fucking OPPOSITE of what I want to do, why the hell would you think THAT\'s my intention?', 'All the good intentions in the world don\'t change this fact: They sent her to a goddamn psychological TORTURE camp. Now, you\'re right that not everything is black and white, but it\'s pretty reasonable to say that this is a hell of a lot closer to the \'wrong\' side than the \'right\' side. &gt; I just say again it\'s not our place to take anything away from them. The reason I\'m so in favor of changing the headstone to Leelah isn\'t *directly* to take anything away from the parents. It\'s to give something to Leelah, the last thing she ever wanted, and unfortunately, giving her this thing happens to require taking something away from the parents. I\'d rather have no tombstone at all than have my birth name on it, and if my parents tried to put my birth name on it I\'d hope people try to force them to change my headstone too. Now, I realize that I\'m not directly in a position to speculate want Leelah would or wouldn\'t have wanted. However, this isn\'t speculation. The section of her Apology Note that was dedicated to her parents called them, and I quote, "fucked up [for] forcing control on someone like that." They\'re doing just that now. Forcing their control on her against her will. Again. &gt; I certainly don\'t think it was done out of hate. I agree. However, their motives do little to sway me. Motives are cheap. Ignorance is not a protection for a crime.', "Reluctantly, I'll say I guess we'll have to agree to disagree. I would like to hear your thoughts on this though: &gt; It's to give something to Leelah, the last thing she ever wanted, and unfortunately, giving her this thing happens to require taking something away from the parents.", '"Stop being pastors" is my honest answer. I\'m honestly not sure how we can co-exist when they co-opt the law, in violation of the first, fifth, and fourteenth amendments, to impose their religious beliefs on us. I\'m happy to - I\'d LOVE to - live and let live. I spent many years trying to pull my most vehemently anti-theistic friends to a more moderate position. But we can\'t live and let live if they won\'t let live. This isn\'t two groups with misunderstandings. This is one group systematically and illegally trying to beat the other into submission. Fortunately, we\'re winning, so...I don\'t know, phrase it as a survival thing? If they keep doing shit like Leelah Alcorn to radicalize the fuck out of LGBT communities, there\'s going to be a hell of a lot of over-compensation and they\'re going to end up with the short end of the stick for a while. Alternately you could just pull out Matthew 12, which explicitly commands them from the word of Jesus himself to disregard the law when it conflicts with healing and saving lives.', "Thank you so much for your honest and thought out input! I think there is value in tapping into the raw emotion of Leelah's story to get genuine feedback. I'm sure yours is the kind of comment she would have appreciated.", "I'll bite. Why don't you feel Leelah deserves to be remembered the way she wanted?", "Well great, this is probably where the AMA will end. I'll be straight up with you, I go to the same denomination of church that the Alcorns do, the church of Christ. So yes, that means I do not LGBT. I'm sorry I don't support it. That doesn't mean I hate Josh because he was my friend. I still love Josh/Leelah but that doesn't mean I support it.", "What did you expect? You came to a safe haven for the exact people you don't believe exist or have a right to self determination talking about how you refuse to respect one of our fallen and won't we ask you about it. Your attitude is the same as what killed Leelah. You love the idea of your friend but had and have no interest in who she really was. The only difference between you and her parents is that you didn't have her tortured. You're complicit, just like everyone with that dehumanizing attitude is complicit with the deaths of thousands of LGBTQ people every day.", 'Nope. Never. I only saw Josh/Leelah 1 week every year at church camp. He was a pretty popular kid around the campgrounds and no one knew anything about him being trans.', "I didn't come to argue about religion. I posted here because no one on this subreddit knew Josh/Leelah personally but I did.", "&gt; for murderers Well I guess that's got Leelah's parents covered, too!", 'Honestly it doesn\'t seem like you knew Leelah (or even "Josh") well enough to do an AMA if you only saw each other for a week once a year at church camp.', '&gt; It annoys me to death when people think the bible says to hate people. Oh, sure, you don\'t hate the people themselves. You just tell them that their existence is wrong, disgusting, and an affront to the omnipotent Creator, invalidate their feelings and identities endlessly, tell them that scientifically disproven therapies will "cure" them of who they are, and then let suicide take care of the rest. If you don\'t water a plant and shield it from sunlight, it will die. You did that to Leelah Alcorn, and yet, you blame the plant for dying, not your shitty horticulturalism. There\'s a reason why "involuntary manslaughter" exists as a criminal charge, and it\'s for this situation right here.', '&gt; a better understanding A better understanding of what? The fact that you refused to see her for who and what she was? The fact that your devotion to ancient laws made by people who spoke a language you\'ve probably never even heard in person compel you to ~~hate~~ judge people who dont fit a mold? The fact that Leelah was screaming for help and all she got was more and more judgement and denial? She already made that abundantly clear to us, thanks. All you\'ve done is prove her points: that you people can\'t see beyond what you want to see, what you want to hear, and that unlike Jesus, you are not willing to help others selflessly and compassionately. Many abusive parents who beat their kids say they\'re doing it "out of love," too. We still call that abuse. Leelah\'s situation was no different.', "&gt; him Spoilers: you didn't know Leelah at all.", 'It\'s kind of interesting, you hung out in meatspace with a person known as Josh who went to church camp. People on this and related subreddits interacted online with a person known as Leelah who identified as an atheist. Technically the same person but... I know you said had no idea Leelah was trans, but did you even have any inkling that "Josh" didn\'t totally get along with your church\'s teachings?', 'Say wha? Last December my sister committed suicide pretty much the same way - threw herself into an oncoming semi-truck on the highway. There is no way that the driver could do anything to prevent what was about to happen. If anything, the driver and their family deserve as much help and assistance as Leelah\'s family, because now they have to live with her death on their hands. I\'ve worked against the guilt of that night for over a year, because the first thing I thought of when I heard the news was, "Dammit, sis, you can\'t even kill yourself without ruining someone else\'s life." That poor driver did literally nothing wrong in this scenario.', 'Well, apparently Leelah/Josh never mentioned their female persona to anyone IRL so how would he?', '&gt;Leelah/Josh Her name was Leelah. "Josh" was just some pet-name her child abusing "parents" gave her. &gt;never mentioned their female persona You mean never told anyone who she was. This was not a "Female Persona," she was a girl, and her parents told her she was "going to hell" for it. How the heck do you ever bring up something when your parents tell you you\'re going to hell over it? You don\'t. But hey, at least we can say her parents truly were devout Christians - they even followed the "murder your kids" sections of the Old Testament! Truly an inspiration to us all.', 'Their legal name was Josh. Leelah was a name they gave themselves and apparetly didn\'t tell anyone but the internet about. I don\'t agree that the parents murdered this child. Did they make parenting choices I disagree with? Yes, probably. However, the only side to this story we know is the suicide note of a clinically depressed, deeply troubled teen. We don\'t know the full story, and we probably never will. The suicide note mentioned being depressed over "never being a beautiful woman". That is hardly the parents\' fault.', '&gt; clinically depressed, deeply troubled teen She wasn\'t clinically depressed - she felt optimistic about her life right up until her parents told her she was "going to hell." &gt;The suicide note mentioned being depressed over "never being a beautiful woman". That is hardly the parents\' fault. Yes, it is. They denied her the ability to transition socially or medically and shamed her for seeing herself as a girl. According to the WPATH standards for transgender healthcare, denial of medical transition and gender identity in a youth is NOT a "neutral position" to take. According to medical experts such as psychiatrists and endocrinologists, it is *child abuse*. She felt increasing gender dysphoria and felt she would never be allowed to transition by her parents, and that the stigma of transitioning later in life whenever she could get away from her abusive parents would be too much for her to bear. There is no middle ground here. She was *abused* into suicidal depression. Her "troubles" directly came from a family that told her she would go to hell. It\'s cut and dry. Deal with it. &gt;Their legal name was Josh. Yet we have no problems calling celebrities or authors by their pen names whenever they ask, even in Wikipedia articles (i.e: Woody Allen = Allan Stewart Konigsberg). It seems the only difference here is that Leelah was a transgender girl and not a movie star, so she doesn\'t get the same level of respect.', "&gt; Were they? If Leelah had pushed the issue, I guarantee you they would've kicked her out of their home. They only relented because she shut up about it.", '&gt;She wasn\'t clinically depressed - she felt optimistic about her life right up until her parents told her she was "going to hell." I\'m pretty sure I\'ve read that Leelah was taking antidepressants, so they must have had some kind of diagniosis that made a doctor prescribe those meds. &gt;Yes, it is. They denied her the ability to transition socially or medically and shamed her for seeing herself as a girl. According to the WPATH standards for transgender healthcare, denial of medical transition and gender identity in a youth is NOT a "neutral position" to take. According to medical experts such as psychiatrists and endocrinologists, it is child abuse. Did the parents deny them a medical transition? I thought they simply said they would not pay for it. &gt;et we have to problems calling celebrities or authors by their pen names whenever they ask, even in Wikipedia articles (i.e: Woody Allen = Allan Stewart Konigsberg). It seems the only difference here is that Leelah was a transgender girl and not a movie star, so she doesn\'t get the same level of respect. I was replying to your frankly absurd claim that Josh was a "pet name". It wasn\'t, it was a legal, given name.', '&gt; I\'m pretty sure I\'ve read that Leelah was taking antidepressants, so they must have had some kind of diagniosis that made a doctor prescribe those meds. Did you know that child abuse causes depression and anxiety? Shocking, I know. &gt;Did the parents deny them a medical transition? I thought they simply said they would not pay for it. They told her she was "going to hell" if she maintained she was trans. Do you *really* think they would\'ve signed the consent forms necessary for her to transition before the age of 18? And how the hell do you expect her to afford seeing doctors without her parents help? They denied her medical transition, period. &gt;It wasn\'t, it was a legal, given name. And so is Allan Stewart Konigsberg. That\'s his legal name. Yet nobody calls him that *because that\'s not what he wants to be called.* People grant him that respect out of professionalism. It is complete bullshit that people continue to refer to Leelah by a name she had no identification with simply because of a technicality we willingly wave for any movie star that asks.', '&gt;Did you know that child abuse causes depression and anxiety? Shocking, I know. It can. Neither you or I know the cause of this kid\'s mental issues though. &gt;Do you really think they would\'ve signed the consent forms necessary for her to transition before the age of 18? Maybe not. It might also be that they wanted Leelah to go through counceling before doing such a thing. Also, apparently Leelah only mentioned to their parents *once* about being trans. Did they even know Leelah wanted to transition? &gt;And so is Allan Stewart Konigsberg. That\'s his legal name. Yes, and Josh was Leelah\'s legal name. Like I said, I was replying to your claim that it was a "pet name". It was not a "pet name", it was a legal name. So we agree there.', '&gt; Neither you or I know the cause of this kid\'s mental issues though. Child abuse. &gt;Maybe not. It might also be that they wanted Leelah to go through counceling before doing such a thing. With "pray away the gay" counselors. Also declared child abuse by the American Psychological Association and WPATH. &gt; So we agree there. Nobody refers to "Woody Allen" as "Allan Stewart Konigsberg." Nobody. They refer to him as "Woody Allen" out of professional respect for him. The fact that people can\'t do the same for Leelah is essentially an admission of transphobia, because we do it all the time for many other people without giving two shits about their "legal" name. Hope this helps.', '&gt;Child abuse. We don\'t know that. &gt;With "pray away the gay" counselors. Also declared child abuse by the American Psychological Association and WPATH. I am like you skeptical of Christian (or religious in general) therapy. We don\'t really know what kind of therapy specifically this kid was receiving though. There was nothing in Leelah\'s posts that indicated that they were going through conversion therapy. And like it or not, counceling *is required* to go through medical transition. &gt;Nobody refers to "Woody Allen" as "Allan Stewart Konigsberg." Nobody. You are literally incapable of reading what I am typing. I have not said a WORD about what I think ANYONE should call this person. I am trying to get through to you that Josh was not a "pet name", it was this kid\'s LEGAL NAME. Legal name is not the same thing as pet name. Do you agree? **I AM NOT SAYING ANYTHING ABOUT WHAT ANYONE SHOULD CALL ANYONE**. OKAY? Am I making myself clear enough now? A "pet name" is not the same thing as "a legal name". Okay? Do you understand?', "refer your parents to the story of Leelah Alcorn. I can hardly think about her without her crying qand I **HATE** that people still do this to their children. It's harsh language I know, I came from a christian family and I told my parents they could accept me as a transsexual or they could accept me as a corpse, no in between options and no discussion. Cut them from your life. they won't change and they will crush your will to live with this shit. They think they are doing the best for you so they will not easily be swayed, they really believe you will be tortured underground by monsters for eternity if you pursue happiness. My parents came around but only after I stopped talking to them for a LONG time. You need to be removed from the situation immediately, if not sooner. I'm so sorry this is happening to you and I wish you and your BF (he sounds amazing btw) all the best :-)", 'For practical advice, I\'d advise googling up "LGBT resource center" and your city name. See what comes up. Also, some bars have under-21 nights, but nothing you\'d want a middle schooler near. Is GLSEN active in your area? Does her school have a GSA? Parental support could work wonders for such things. Also... it\'s awesome that you\'re supportive. Seriously--so many parents in your situation, even in ye olde 21st century, would be kicking their kids out or punishing them or sending them to harmful quack shrinks for a "cure." (Google Leelah Alcorn if you haven\'t caught that story in the news.) But it\'s important, as a supportive parent, that you let your kid call the shots on this one. Definitely educate yourself as best you can, but in terms of how your daughter wants to handle her identity and who knows and whether she\'s an activist or a party kid or whatever works for her... let her figure that herself. As long as you\'re talking with her so she doesn\'t feel unsupported, you don\'t need to be the driving force. It\'s her life. Let her choose her own battles, just back her up. And while I definitely don\'t want to discount your daughter\'s sense of herself--she knows damn well what she\'s feeling--sometimes, especially for women, these things change over time. Don\'t get so invested in her current identity that you\'re not supportive of wherever she ends up. I haven\'t seen stats lately, but a lot of bi women do end up married to men. Also, thanks for not being evil. Seriously. Your kid won the lottery.', "Ugh, do Leelah's parents not know how the internet works? They blamed her friend for sharing pictures of Leelah in her preferred clothing when Leelah herself posted the pictures on her public blog.", '"Leelah Acorn\'s Parents Continue Being Tremendous Cunts. No One Suprised."', "Eye ... yeigh ... yeigh ... the more I learn about Leelah's situation, the more upsetting it all becomes. Ought the death of a child be enough pain to endure? Must her parents pass that pain to others for no other reason (seemingly) than bitter spite?", "RIP Leelah You were loved by those that accepted who you were. Your parents had a funeral for someone else. It's the parents loss too, they'll never know the beautiful person they brought into this world. Even after she's left it. *small people can't think that hard.*", 'If you\'ve got a Metropolitan Community Church near you, a talk with people there can be great for understanding why Christianity *shouldn\'t* be considered opposed to LGBT people. (Or talk to a pastor from another church from ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÜå\x93ÖÚßÎÓÛÙäèÙÚÔéÙ¡ÈÝÒ£éÔÐÓ\x92ÕØçÎÝÓ£ÛÜÓÒ\x92íäè×\x9bÈãâàÚÜÎèî\x9c\x93 Unfortunately, just understanding it yourself probably won\'t do a thing for her parents\' attitude -- they\'re probably acting more from instinctual prejudice wearing a religious cloak than anything. It could help *her*, but not if you can\'t talk to her... If you could ever get her into an LGBT-friendly church that would be awesome, but I don\'t see how. I\'m scared for her, too (being cut off from friends and pushed into "pray the gay away" sounds terrifyingly like the Leelah Alcorn situation). I can\'t think of anything you can do for her right now. At least she\'s an adult so she technically has the right to walk away from whatever they demand from her, but when her college education depends on them that\'s easier said than done... A warning for other raptors: if your girlfriend\'s a believer, or even sort of a believer, visit an LGBT-friendly church with her while you can!', 'Also: Can you make contact with local chapters of PFLAG or GLSEN? I was just at a Leelah Alcorn vigil in Dayton where the local director of (I think) GLSEN was adamant that he wanted any kids in need to contact him. The analogous person closest to you might have a connection to local help.', 'There\'s more than enough evidence showing how harmful and dangerous "Conversion Therapy" really is, and the horrifying part is that it\'s still legal in an overwhelming majority of the U.S. Please help support Leelah\'s Law to stop such cruel and unusual pseudo-science by signing the petition I\'ve linked here. Also, please share the petition. Conversion Therapy needs to end now. ÝçÙÞ\x9f£¤êÍ\x9cÌãë¢ÎÕ\x97µß', "Just know that I'm very proud of you for making that decision and coming out. I can't even do it myself. Keep your head high and your chin up and you strut your stuff out there at that protest. Do it for Leelah!", "&gt; remember Leelah Alcorn, I'd like to introduce a day to remember her life You mean like Transgender Remembrance day on November 20th? Her death may have been tragic, but if anything it wasn't, that's special or unique. Hundreds die like her every year, she just got all the media coverage. She'll be remembered, along with thousands of others, on Nov 20th."]